We
Hello one two three four
Sh
Hi
Yes
Captain
Hello Mic Test Hello Hello Mic Test
Hello Hello
mic test mic test hello hello hello
Hi
Two
Sure
Hello Show
Fielding the ball here please send it to your team
Reached the ground.
Both batting teams bat on the ground
Reached.
I would like to do a little bit. five overs
There will be matches. Two overs is your power play.
In which the maximum bowler can bowl two overs.
Can.
That means you will use three bowlers. Five
No leg bye runs in a five-over match
Is. And there is no run out on the leg bike either.
Umpire sir, what batsman is on the leg bike?
If he runs away accidentally then it is not a run out.
The leg will be dead on the bike. Rest over through
You have 22 runs available. No Ball Free
Hit pe no ball. As much as the rest of us
Those are the standard rules of cricket.
Will follow inside this match.
somewhere else this
This player also knows this somewhere.
must be here because they also have this
Information about somewhere at the moment
Here, after winning the toss, the decision to field first was made.
and how much this decision was in their favor
Time will tell, for now both salute
The batsman goes to the centre of the wicket and
The fielding team remains steadfast in the camp
They are strategizing that the toss is won and the match
How much is there here and in what way
The match has to go to the next round to win.
I will also tell you a little about the round.
What are the league matches, how is it. How many?
There are league matches, how to go to the next round
It will happen, what will be the qualification. like me
You'll find out, I'll brief you on that too.
And somewhere the captain also understands this.
You must be knowing.
Show Show
Salas team and team
Madhav's Captain Please Jahan Sound System
Let's come there.
Both Mar and Blaster please come
A team will compete in this manner
There will be approximately two matches which will be played in the first two matches.
Joe Team from
will win
He is here with Winner to K in the second round.
Will play the match. The losing team is also given a place here.
You will get a chance.
Even if you lose this match, your
There will be a chance.
in the quarter-finals and the team that consistently
If they win both the matches, they will go straight to the quarter-finals.
Will qualify for the final. And the team that
If they win each match, they will get a chance once.
And then he won the match.
Let's go for now
Madhav June is listening to my voice from Blaster
if yes
If I talk about opening batsman then Chirag and
Rahul bowled to these two batsmen.
If I talk about it, Shikhar Gupta will bowl the first ball.
Ready for ICI One
Cricket Premier League Delhi Edition
first ball
Still waiting a bit here
Two-over power play in a five-over match
And the two players who can be out are one
Mid-wicket take and long-on from the umpire
I request you to please hurry up a bit
Get the match started
what is being delayed
right arm over the wicket
Made a small ball room for myself with covers
the ball between two players on the field
It will go outside the boundary line and give it to you
four runs
First four of the day here, beautiful
The shot was a bit short and went backwards.
Created a little room for myself and
Beautiful shot in the middle of the class for four runs
For it has already begun, the first one happened here
on the ball
This time the bouncer was hipping a little.
The umpire gave a bounce here.
The call has been made.
This four was hit on the second ball and after that
The third ball is a slight four bounce which is called
Let's say it once again a little bit for ourselves
Batsman Chirag is trying to make room
I'd like to have a little space here to talk.
But I prefer to take a shot by creating some space.
Playing through the covers towards the off side and into a boundary
A glimpse was seen. Ready in advance and continuously
Testing the shot ball here
This time the part of the bat is wrong here from the keeper
Has been. I made a mistake here and got my first success.
I was almost there for you.
If we talk about the score right now, then the last over
Is. Six runs have been scored here.
This is the Group 1 match. of the second match
If I talk about Madhav Warrier vs Joe
The third match will be between Blaster
Talking about three overs, loser one and loser
Two means the first match, the second match, the team match
But they will get a chance again this time.
Direct in the area of ​​extra cover
The hit here should have been a direct hit
You also have runs for overthrows.
Currently, the end of number one score is seven
Without loss which included fours, that was very
It was a beautiful four, taking a slight bounce.
Room made and in the area of ​​covers
The bowler has changed here and we want to know
Would like the name of the bowler.
This time he has pulled it here at mid-wicket.
The player is present. One run will be scored.
Please tell me the bowler's name.
Suraj Suraj is the bowler here first ball on
had a little chance on the side
The batsman did not get the gap above the batsman
Over the wicket with Rahul's bat in front
One more run will be given for over through.
A little difficult here
Beautiful running between the wickets here
There was no chance between the two batsmen
A little bit of light after all this running
be careful
There was a slight fumble here and the run was valid.
Is. Run is valid here.
is a valid run.
Because I remind you of this World Cup
To you. T20 World Cup England match.
It was hit by his bat.
Went to the boundary of the stock. gave the boundary
I went there and this time a powerful shot was delivered.
I pass the player and two runs here
I want to take a chance of getting run out here.
You will get your first wicket, even before that
It was a mess, but this time it probably won't be necessary.
There was no need for it here because
These two runs were not so easy, the first one was light.
There was definitely a bit of a fumble, but this time because
Right there protected in the hand
Please tell me the name of the batsman and some more.
There is a request from the batsmen also because
Long sugar we have about 20 matches today
If you want to play on that day, please you too
Try to be a little quicker with your hands
please do
Sir, tell me the name of the batsman who is on strike.
Have gone to of the batsman who went on strike
Tell me the name.
Vikram Vikram hit the left-handed batsman as soon as he came.
Is a batsman. First time to play
Ready. If we talk about it, Chirag
I have taken a single. And now Vikram has come to the left
hand batsman
If fielding command
It is better if one handles it because
This will save a lot of time.
And if everyone together plants a field, then a little
It is difficult. any one if command
If you handle the field then it becomes very easy
For the bowler as well and time there
To save as well.
Currently ready with the fourth ball.
Faded in the air on the front side, but absolutely a chance
Will not touch. Can't even open an account
Vikram here.
Couldn't even open an account. right off the bat
Felt outside. Went into the air.
I will request the batsman whoever
Please come and tell the umpire your name once.
Tell me. Please let us know here or
Someone please send your player to us here
Pay. The second wicket has fallen now.
Here. The second wicket has fallen.
The second over is going on here. a run out
Unfortunate as he got run out.
Even before that, there was a clash between the two batsmen.
Yes no yes no remained. Even there, if direct
And this time too there was miscommunication.
There was complete miscommunication.
The next batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
batsman's name please
Anshu
Anshu bats the last ball of this over.
in the air at the front
Coming in, good fielding there, very
good fielding
Coming from off stump to leg on side
End of number two score now 13 loss of two
Wickets: Both wickets in this over, one run out
as and by a behind keeper
13 runs have been scored. at the end of two overs
after
Shekhar sahab is coming to bowl.
You will have to use Shekhar and three bowlers.
Because the maximum a bowler can bowl is two overs.
Is.
There are four teams in a group.
Fight the Wicket Shekhar
Bowl a cutter here, it felt like it was about to hit the wicket.
Run scored after being caught outside off, bowling a cutter
here
Taught the batsman something similar
that after reading it will come out straight but on the inside
Came
Once again, Shekhar is ready over the wicket.
This time he went to his feet towards fine leg.
Fielder must be present Power Player is over
It is done, that means now five players
can keep outside the great circle and now
If I talk about the five, then deep mid wicket
Long on long off covers
These
and a deep square leg. These five players
The matter of inside and outside Jharia circle
If I do one shot, fine leg shot mid wicket
Point and extra covers: These four players
Shekhar walks inside the circle and takes the next ball.
Number three on the front extra cover
good try good try here
It probably took a little while there, it felt like
That maybe it will take some time for him to carry it.
Went
He walks
Sheikh again failed to take the catch with the next ball.
try to put
The ball is cutting a little faster
Due to which it is not easy there.
It is happening, the batsmen feel like staying away
It will go but comes very close to the ball.
Staying away from the line for now
Only two runs came in these four balls, the score is
Shekhar Kafi is ready with just five balls for 15 runs.
clever bowler
While cracking your fingers, continuously hit the ball.
The bar has been set out, whether it is height or distance
Yes, absolutely, absolutely, it is the first one here.
Six for today's team
This shot is from Anshu Rai.
This bowler was fast and took a great pick
Took full advantage of that boom here
Both height and distance are dependent on timing.
were present in this shot for that maximum
Last ball Shekhar
Ansh prepared once again
This time Chaka Diya Chaka Diya here in motion
Changed finger continuously back to these
This over will end with a dot ball.
Eight runs scored from this over
You will reach 21 for the loss of two wickets
End of number three score is 21 loss of two
Last 12 wickets remaining at most
will try to run
My request to the players is this much right now
It is not hot and matches are played between five and three overs.
I'll need dreams otherwise
Please request not to disturb the match
And we have a very long schedule, with your support.
Once in the air it won't be easy without
It was very high in the air and it collided here.
and we hope not to leave much
I came here because there is a very dangerous scene.
It happens when both the players
We collide head-on with the same enthusiasm we have right now.
I picked up the player, it means somewhere
He is absolutely healthy. Absolutely
Maybe Suraj is continuing.
Bowler Suraj
Absolutely Suraj takes the second over and gets a boundary for two.
Is
A simple opportunity in the air, a simple opportunity, absolutely
And he dropped a very easy catch here.
Looked very casual, very casual like this
It seemed like it was a left-handed game for him.
The walking body became very casual and the ball
They could not even reach the bottom of the
Sitting too casual, very casual sir
This time too the ball was not so small that it was shot.
There wasn't that room for elevation shot to shot
and a slight decrease in the height of the ball
For a full shot, you need approximately a ball chest.
It should come on the line near you chest line
When the ball arrives, it will be so easy.
This did not happen, the ball fell and stayed a little low.
Due to this, the timing and
Didn't get that elevation, right now next ball
Leke Suraj was wide right over the wicket
This time too, there is an opportunity for the batsman.
The sound of the run out probably felt like that to Suraj
I had to come behind the wicket but came in front of it.
Because if you come in front of the wicket, you
You will be able to guess where the wicket is from there.
Run out is difficult, you have to come to the wicket
behind where you can also guess and which
The player who is making the throw has
Also, do you have any idea in which line I will tell you?
I have to throw, right now think about the next ball.
Shot in the air Player player is present
Balance
There was no catch but I saw the fielding there.
But the ball is behind the boundary for catch
Let's not go to the boundary, it was a good run there
The last few balls of this over are 26
Five runs came off the last ball of this over.
Again
Does the umpire also call for leg bye?
Maybe you will tell me whether the bat hit or not.
Absolutely hit the bat, absolutely hit the bat
He didn't make any gestures there.
This means one run from the bat and one single at the end.
came and number first to is 27 loss of two
wicket
The last over is about the number five bowler.
If you do, you would like to know the name of the bowler
Jitu
Bowler Jeetu
Jeetu ji came to bowl. This time too
What's clear in the air, right in front?
Will you be able to do it? Not at all and it felt like
Perhaps hitting Subhash's body and faster
It went out because the ball bounced
If I had been high in the air, I would have got a chance
I would have gone because it had got stuck on my body. Its
He went straight out, grounded.
One more here and you get a four.
The score will reach 31 per two.
Winning over wicket for the batsman this time at mid
Good fielding towards the long-off wicket
want to go over there for two a little
bit difficult good call at the right time because
From here, the score will be 32.
has been made
You don't want to be run out here.
A wicket fell in
End of number five score now is 3 six
For throw one run extra so what
Only one extra run has been bowled
as a brother
New balls in every innings
New Balls
Score now is 36 after five overs
And you need only 37 runs to win.
Within 30 balls.
30 balls doesn't seem like a big one
There will be trouble here. I request
I will tell you that there is only a two minute break.
Please fielding team arrive immediately. Batting
The team also because it is a five-over match.
Please arrange matches. You can imagine how much
The big button is above us. So please let us
Contribute here. from all teams
There is a request. Batsman to bat
Sir please send it because it is a five over match.
Is. You also have a complete break. We have
There is no brake at all. You are a match
There is a break later but we don't have a break. So
Please understand our condition a little.
Fielding has reached beyond the batsman
It is requested that he should also come.
Sanjeev Agar is a batsman
You guys are not delivering in two minutes.
So you will be penalized somewhere or the other.
I am requesting again and again
Please I request you to understand this matter.
The umpire has the bat, you'll find it there.
Ground pe bat ground pe available hai
Hurry up if you have it, or else
Available on the ground but please hurry
Because you're trying to over-detect us
We will have to impose a penalty on you.
We have two minutes, you have just two minutes.
Bus for innings break
Subhash and Vikram Tariq will do Subhash and
Bowling.
Subhash and non-striker Vikram bowling
Talking about bowling, it is on
bowler Vikram
Vikram is also bowling on the non-strike end.
Vikram toh do Vikram
Ready to return here again
No play around the wick no ball since first match
Absolutely the umpire
You bowl a big ball and give two runs, it will be on the next one.
Ball free hit free hit means saying this
It would not be wrong to have mangoes and kernels also.
You can find the prices here now.
You can't get out here.
O maximum in the air.
Let's take full advantage of the hit. here
Eight runs were scored with a six. on the first no ball
There were runs and a six on the raid towards mid-wicket.
Beautiful shot in What a debut
The batsmen also gave the bowler a chance
by bowling a no ball there
Once again the same ball, same result, one bounce.
The ball will go out of the boundary line
You get four runs
Beautiful batting by both of them.
Cleaned up a little crease in the bowler
Girai's head is taking some advantage there
But please you should give the ball a little good
If you want to shorten the lengths, you
You will have to go a little deeper into the crease. And
When you go deeper into the crease then
You will get a chance to hit that pull shot.
We saw it in the last two balls.
Both the captains of Blaster and Madhav Maurya
Please come for the toss.
Both captains should come for the toss because
As soon as the match is over, you will be taken directly to the ground.
Will be taken off.
Because of this you will be able to play the next match.
The bowler returns with a dot after the fourth six.
as here
And
here
The bowler is ready again for the next ball.
Ball number four
toss to the front
The throw is a little done, it is done completely here
If the throw had been good, perhaps the result would have been
It would have been very close, very close here
Currently 13 runs have been scored, still two balls remaining.
Left is this over
still
Let me talk a little about the opening match.
The fug that's here on the ground
Is. There will be some matches here that
To you
Full toss ball in front, power play goes on
Happened. One bounce over the player's head
The ball will go out of the boundary line. will take away
You get all four runs here.
It was a full toss ball because the power play was going on.
Is.
This shot from above all the players
This time the ball will go one bounce to bounce
Towards long off. 21 runs in the first over
Have been made. Very good over.
21 runs in the first over.
Now you need only 16 runs and the run rate too.
You will do well. Somewhere the run rate
This matter will also take you to task. At present
Very good batting here.
Anmol bowler Anmol
A male name
Rahul is bowling.
Only 16 runs needed. Vikram in four balls
11 runs. Suraj nine runs in three balls. face
Vikram is doing Rahul's. Right Arm
Variation in over-the-wicket pace to slower pace
cut it with ease
wanted to take two runs and maybe it felt like
That he could have got the first run if he had done a little
and if speed were taken
Please let the other captain come for the toss.
Madhav's captain who has gone to work early
Get it over with and come out and have another one.
Shot here, this time also small ball pulled
For him
First you need 10 runs now you only need 10
Run
You need to win this match.
Captain of Mata Warriors if my voice
If you are listening then Take this. Shot of the reverse.
The timing was not good. It felt a little like
By hurrying. Amp up the shot a little early
Took. If you wait, maybe another maximum
Could have seen it. At present
Now you need three b's with two b's remaining in this over.
You need nine runs.
4 b's left sorry one before
It was a no ball and a single came on a free hit.
It was a four, both the captains have come, please toss.
I have pushed here with a light hand, a light hand
Once again both captains here
Please come to Madhav Warriors and our
mid-June
toss
Both the captains are present here for the toss.
for the next match for the next match played
The match between Madhav Varrier and Joe Blaster is to be played.
Who will Philip
Who wants to do it, who will do it
Call June will call The call there is the call he
Two
Fielding over questions
I want to find out what the reason would be
Reason deep wants to field first
First see how the other team plays
If it is there then there is more to chase
If that is a factor somewhere then it is due
There will be a little moisture on the wicket.
You want to give it to him as well
The main thing is the same, the main thing is the same and it will end.
ok thank you and best of luck toss is won
As we knew, the decision to field
Will take the same decision here invite catch
Jump and see, this match will end with sixes
What a shot to end this match with
Here is the second match from Madhav's captain
I'll call you, please come here for a minute, team.
The team
Very
Fielding side Fielding side's ground
please reach the ground
Please
Warriors please take the field
The batsmen also reached the wicket please
Guess the names of both batsmen please
striker batsman
What names did the batsman tell them?
This is no strike.
Virendra
Negi
OK Baller
Kanha
Kanha Kanha Saheb for bowling and
Ashish and Devendra Neki ji played this innings.
Kanha ji will start with the right arm over the
wicket
Take it here, the full height out of the
Park started the innings with six runs.
Pay
Yes
It was a very beautiful shot, a light hand.
Gave the opportunity to open the crease there
These shots penetrated deep
This time with light hands because the off stump
This was a better run in line because
From here the batsman will have to make these shots
It won't be easy to play shots from here.
You will go on the on side. slightly smaller
If you keep it, the batsman is ready, that too tennis
It is very easy in ball matches
Making runs on the side. The more you turn the off side the off
The more you go for a wide yorker
From there the batsman will have to make shots.
But like it was off the ball. him on
pulled to the side there because when you
If you go to pull it, then somewhere it will happen
There will be a timing issue. over there
You won't get many runs. From there, the batsman
You definitely got a good run with your skills.
His skills may be so good that
From there, pull you through that lens. it
Here, as I said, go to off stump.
And there should have been a catch here. Here's the catch
Should have happened.
Very easy catch, there was a lot of time here. This
The match will become very difficult in this way
save you.
This is Ashutosh Ashutosh's six.
How many balls did Virendra hit?
15 runs 15 runs scored last ball last
Last ball, very good over, six on the first ball.
One bounce in the air
If you get exactly four runs then it will be enough.
This was a big over, it was an over worth 19 runs.
Includes two sixes and a four
Ishan is probably coming to bowl.
Absolutely Ishan for bowling and
19 runs in the first over. Before this, the first match
If I talk about it, then in his first over also 21
19 runs were scored in the second innings.
And somewhere there are two shots in which I
Let me talk about the shot I played on long on.
Those batting skills like I said
I batted with that line up length.
Only skill will give you runs, otherwise you will be
difficult after that
The shot he played from long off was a skill.
batsman's
Once again Ishaan is in this match for the first time.
Wide arm over the wicket in front, here you go
in because the power play is on if
Even if there was a fielder, there would have been no power play.
Even then there is some benefit because the ball that has gone
It has gone over the boundary line for six runs.
What batting is going on here.
Change the front side now
Because this will not make the chase wider.
Change already, you play outside the off stump.
Have been. If you are making Roman then batsman
The margin that is due has to be paid.
To the umpire there. Absolutely the right decision
there because you already go to the stump
If you are living then you have widened the line
He has shifted and is following the ball.
Are. Good decision there and this matter
The bowler should get it. Get it from here
shot by shot very beautiful high end
This shot was handsome. As much as praise
So successful for this shot.
Because the ball was on the middle, turn from right to left
And what connection did you make between the ball and the bat?
Gorgeous niche shot to the max
Got a chance to bat here and it felt like
It's been like a mountain in a five-over match
A score will be made and the chasing team
It will be very difficult here
Your decision is absolutely correct that it is due
It is part of and somewhere in the Sh format
There are matches. Now the team should score more
She likes it. Put runs on the scoreboard.
Look, we are in the off again. These
The line is good
And here are the bowlers following
to the batsman because the closer he is to the off stump
Want to go out. consistent bowlers
Getting there by following. Due to this
The shot that was taken did not connect well. One
You got a run there. once again
Ready
Needed in the air. Opportunity here and drop by
You will get diya and chauka here.
The umpire absolutely gave a surprise
And here it seems that Madhav
It looks like this in the hands of the players of
I am smeared with ghee but I am unable to get the ball out of my hands.
In
Another chance in the air with the next ball
Kanha will not leave the corn ball here.
The first wicket fell in his follow-through.
It happened here
The second over ends and the first wicket falls.
The power play is over here.
If we talk about the score, then 36 is a big score.
36 runs have been scored here in two overs.
have already
Please tell me the batsman who comes on strike
Are.
Rana Sahib
Sudhanshu Rana comes in to bowl.
Are. Kanha proved to be expensive in the first over.
Then again continue captain go with them
want. Kanha will continue.
This time too, shots were taken deep into the trench.
Played. One bounce ball will go. leg boundary line
outside of
For four runs.
What is the matter, I am putting food in it.
25 runs in 8 balls by Ashish Rana (non)
To play the first ball at the strike end
Still have to wait a little while here.
Rana takes the next ball.
This time he played towards mid-wicket.
Player present because power play
It has ended
And now
Take the next ball and bowl the third ball of over number three.
Rana, a short ball, will definitely get the wicket here.
He has gone after Viktu and doesn't even have an account.
Rana Saheb was able to open his wicket account there.
on the way
Rana Saheb could not open his account on the first ball.
caught behind someone behind the second wicket
No mistake and now the next batsman is at the crease.
Batsman Nam walking to the centre
Pawan ji
Pawan ji has come
Next
Just one more wicket, one more wicket, one more wicket
If you wanted to do it lightly here
The bat felt perfectly level here.
very light edge
It got deflected a lot and hit here.
We see it getting deflected
Calls have been left behind. Pawan also ate
Did not open. Going back without opening an account.
The players are following the captain's path.
The players followed the captain's path.
We will follow exactly what the captain says.
do. This is the team unit. it is called
Are from the team unit.
Because now all the responsibility is on the captain.
Batsman, we would like to go, please.
Ajay Mr Ajay
Ajay Verma ji has come. Ajay Verma ji, what
Will you follow the captain's path? Your R
We will catch it because it is on the captain's path.
I wouldn't want to walk. That's what's on my mind right now
will be. I want to make my own path from here.
Ajay then bowled lightly to the off side.
I have taken a single. Your path through the captain's path
has been changed. The score will reach 42 for three.
Last ball of the third over
Pulled it back here. one run
You will get it. Shot of the reverse. Timing
Not good. right side of the bat
Will get it. Got quarter area for now. End
Off number three. Score now 43 for three.
Speaking of extras, there are no extras.
Did not give any run. What
Disciplined bowling has been done here.
Bowling has been done in complete discipline.
No extra runs were given. Three so far
I have achieved success but the score is a little higher.
It's already on the board and I think
Ishan Rana will probably come to bowl.
Yes, Rana ji is coming to bowl.
For. Taking the second over of his spell.
Let's talk to Ishaan Rana
Akash Rana Mr. Akash, there has been a change here
Ashish will face him in 10 balls
Making 27, playing two for 270
With strike rate and take it
Look, you have taken this shot and run away.
off the ground here
This player sent him out of the ground.
And you see, let me talk about this player.
So how can the depth of the crease be of use?
It is raised that we should learn from this batsman.
after going well inside the off stump and
It felt like this half helicopter shot.
Applied and wrists. What was demonstrated
This batsman has strong wrists here.
take another one take another one here
what a shot
Back to back sixes here
It seems like digging the wicket and taking out the water
We will give you such a hard hit today.
It would not be wrong to say that the donkey is heavy, Bheem
They say that these are some kind of shots brother.
Even the bat in his hand looks so stupid.
Power shots
Take another player, there will be a player there.
I wouldn't have played in the air, I tried to play in the air
to keep
Currently on strike with one run and from this
The team also scores 50 runs as soon as the first six is ​​hit.
were completed and this was the first innings of the innings.
It took you 20 balls to score 50 runs in 20 balls
I missed the next ball, I missed it here.
After a long time, a dot ball was seen.
We are here after a long time
Next ball: Rana ji, fourth ball of the over, 13 runs
have spent on
Full toss made for the corner.
Step forward and convert it into a full toss
And what a synergy there was between bat and ball.
What a sweet sound this shot had.
On hearing this I understood that the ball
Who knows what the outcome will be?
The ball is going to be the last ball of this over. Three sixes.
I have missed you till now, I have missed you completely
I missed it, I was beaten by the speed here.
It had to come fast, it came as fast as it could
No end of number four score
62 for three
62 Last over: Madhav Vale won the toss
The decision to field was taken by him
It did not go in our favour because we scored a mountain of runs.
It has been made, more than 60 runs are left.
Six balls remaining in four overs from here.
Tell me how the batting was done.
It is possible that somewhere or the other we will see this 70
Between 75 and 80, we have a
It seems like the ultimate thing to be here.
It should start the way it has. Ishaan came
Are.
And here you go. Take another shot
Beautiful here.
He is an expert on all sides. from mid-wicket
The area from Lake to fine leg is the favorite area.
Is. And that bounce was also received. that bounce
This ball got what it wanted: a boundary.
To reach outside the line.
Very beautiful timing. What if you win the toss?
Batting first would have been better here.
Jhoom was sent to bat and Jhoom
Scored runs by zooming.
I completely zoomed the scoreboard. 683
There are still five bays left from here.
Ishan round the wicket with the next ball
And the reverse shot of the bat here again
heavy part
If seen from the left, the third man is
If the batsman stays then he should go towards fine leg.
This was the run
Score another run towards fine leg.
will reach 69 per three
Ish Shaan is once again ready around the
Wicket. If I talk about batsman then Ajay is four
Ball seven runs.
Yes, it will become wide, it will definitely become wide.
Outside the leg stump. First extra run today
Of the team with this team
Warriors.
This bowling glory. Taking the second over.
25 runs have been conceded so far. four by this
Of the innings.
Full toss Full toss timing not good
If you go in front of the leg, you will find it here.
one run
Make your intentions known from the first ball of the first over.
The batsmen had given what kind of
will attack and somewhere or other you will have to admit
No one will say much about bowling.
There was poor bowling but the batsmen
See, try to be a little successful here too.
Went here and hit it successfully on the off stump
If it were a little more inside than the margin
Perhaps this would have been a legal delivery. At present
The umpire gave the shot in both arms and declared it wide.
hint of there
You will get four runs as a brother.
Four runs as W
I made room for myself again.
Made the ball, sent it to the score leg
Score 82 for 6 runs out of boundary
as I said
And completing 50 runs with a six here
Ashish's 17 balls took 50 runs.
The point was that he batted in the same style
have taken advantage of the depth of the crease
penetrate as deep into the crease as possible
He has played shots that have come in completely.
Very skilled player on the on side
Here it is again, play again
Another shot match with Maximum
We will finish this innings. Score
Will save 88 89 runs to win. Win at 89
For this match.
Zoom Blaster zooms in and starts his innings
Have played. 88 runs in five overs is not easy
Will bat for Madhav Warriors.
Hi
Super second innings with Dot Bot
It's started here, small ball in the air
The opportunity is here, you will stay away a little, stay away
will go here
from third man to fine leg
The air has started with maximum.
The beginning has started. The batsman made his debut
It has been done with a six. of the opening batsmen
If I talk about it, both Ishaan Rana and Akash Rana
Rana Rana Bhai came out to bat and
Ajay Verma with a six to bowl
Start your innings, here's another shot
in the air and dropped here in a way
I dropped it, it was a very easy catch.
The Catch Wins The Match Catch The Puck Will Catch The Match
Will win.
No mistakes from the front this time. This time
No mistake on the front side.
It was an over pitched delivery. front shot
Played. Straight into the hands.
Kanha has come after the wicket fell. Turn
started as a bowling and
Now
First round means bat at number two
He has come to bat at number three.
these players
Come on, the heavy part of the bat, the ball is going to third
You will be given four runs in the main direction here.
Pay and over number one score now is loss of
one wicket
In which one four was hit on the last ball and the second ball
Pe Six
Wicket taken, runs came in that over but wicket also came
I have arrived.
The target is 89. You had to score 89 runs. But
Now if I talk, you need the next 24
77 runs in 10 balls. 77 runs to win in 24 balls.
bowler name please
Sidhanshu Rana Ji Rana Ji in both the teams
And now Siddhantshu Rana ji has come and
If facing, Rana is now the opponent
Side Rana Bhai has come. First both together
The batsman was Rana and now the opponent is Rana ji.
The power play is still on, which means you two
Right Jadia can be placed outside the circle.
It was a small ball, I moved my fingers on it.
Shot as it seemed the ball would spin
Will play. But he remained straight and because of this the bull also
no connection. Rana ji once again
Rana to Rana
Very good bowling yorker line here
At the last moment when the wrists are turned
It is difficult to pick the batsman from there
I'm looking at the action, that's the last time
When the hand goes up, from there the wrists
Let's move a little bit from here to here
Had trouble reading the batsman's hand
You are not able to find that thing and when you read
If you can't catch the ball, it's very difficult.
It becomes your turn to bat
But as far as I can see from here
It seems that you cannot read it
Rana Saheb here to the bowler
I have definitely done the bridge to make sure the connection is good.
The ball will run into the gap, this time too it was hit high.
Sit tight because the power play is on.
If two players are out then one
long off and one long on so these two players
The batsman got the advantage of being out
This beautiful shot in front of square leg
Talking about the score, 16 runs have been scored.
At the loss of one wicket. came on the fourth ball
This is a four.
So the confidence of the batsman will increase here.
This four will increase my confidence a little.
You still need around 73 runs.
Stepped out in 20 balls. in the air
Is. is in the air. Opportunity and miss here
Will go.
Very good fielding, very nice fielding.
Here. Because balance has also been maintained. Three
The players were together. But at such a time
Most of the time, the ball goes out, but
See how much balance you have maintained.
Kept it grounded there inside the ground
tried to keep
and three players for one shot
It went over the keeper in the air here
Because when the bat is swung at high speed
If you swing the bat very fast, then
It turns out that at the moment it is the end of the over number two.
Talking about the score, 19 runs, two wickets, one
on the loss of a wicket
Seven runs came from this over with the help of a four.
Please tell me the bowler's name. Ashish, continue
Second over is going on. for all thirty overs
The loser of the first match is the team who
The captain was ready even though he had lost the match.
This time I did it here
Fine leg. Fine leg.
square leg, sorry, square leg
one run
Wanted to play the ball on the off stump by creating room
The turn came inwards due to which
Could not get the elevation that was needed
For now, it will definitely give away one run.
Ball and now one run is not going to do anything.
You want big shots You want big shots 16
Needs approximately 70 runs per ball at this pace
Change in speed here
The bowler has his fingers crossed
This is what clever bowling is all about. in a tennis ball
You need variation, you have to bowl a length in every ball.
And you can't bowl along the line.
As I will talk here Madhav
Warriors' Warriors have consistently scored the same
I bowled in that. of the bat at the moment
This is called internal lemon cut. Third
Four runs towards the final of the innings.
I want such shots, I want such shots on the face
You need to point your finger here again.
Re-speed change reaction constant
in bowling
If we continue like this, it will be very difficult now.
You need 64 runs in 13 balls.
64 runs presented completely this time
Three back to back dot balls in all three
There was a variation. I read this and cast it a little faster
I added a little bit of pace to it because two balls
He bowled slowly continuously and it seemed
So that the batsman does not read anything, he
Added a little more spice. Three overs at the moment
End. Talking about the score, 25 for one wicket
You need 64 in the next 12 balls to lose.
Run. That means you need 32 runs in every over.
Maybe the bowlers are coming to continue.
If I am right. Absolutely. right here
I will continue. fourth over because here
If you bowl a good over, you'll almost win the match.
It will end.
Right over the wicket for the batsman in advance
Hey, for four, already have a body moment
Went for the big shot. This causes the ball to
The outside edge hit and went to third man until
Fielded 1 run in 13 balls 19
Run Akash Rana will face here
Rana vs Rana
It will move in the air. It went into the air. no match
It will not land because the player is below
Will come. From today the second catch fielder of the team
Name 20
Krish. The name is Krish and the work is also Krish.
Here.
He came to this ball so fast. We felt like this
This time that no match will fall into land. But
My name is Krish. And when the name is crease, then the time
But will reach for every work where
They are needed. Even before this, much earlier
I took a good catch and this one too. And now
Name the next batsman at the centre of the wicket
Please give the batsman a try.
Lamp
Deepak Mr Deepak comes to bat
Are. The work is a little difficult because from here
You need 63 runs in 10 balls.
And this type of bowler has to tackle it.
It is becoming very difficult
Because when you don't read the ball with your hands
You will find that it becomes difficult there. of hands
It's magic. This bowler has the magic of his wrists
Near. Does any batsman have a break?
will get?
In the air to the front. One to bounce straight
In the hands. One more run will be given and one from one
So I don't think there's much difference
Will have to.
once again
front side front side one bounce two
Bounce
one more run
One or two vehicles ahead and definitely something
There will be no benefit, nothing will be of any use
The last ball is in the air, definitely give one bounce
Caught in front for third man, one more run
Milega End Over Number First Score Now Is
Match almost over Match almost over will say here
finished because the last
You need 60 runs in six balls.
60 runs needed
The over starts with a dot ball.
Taking his second over, one run in the first over
And spent it. There is opportunity in the air. There is a chance
And that's where Chris is at. where Chris will be
There will be very little scope for error there. Today
Chris's third catch of the day.
He is fielding very beautifully. That
It seems you are going to the area
He is very fond of the ball. ball
Not ready to leave him. Where
He's going, the ball is coming there.
And now the next batsman is Chris.
Sumit Amit is the next batsman to bat.
At the center.
An appeal has been made. An appeal has been made but it did not seem so
That maybe something had happened. put pressure on
They say a little bit at the last moment.
Let's enjoy a little. with the umpire
Let's do a little teasing. some way like this
This was the appeal for the next ball.
Play the finger again at a slow speed
Was. Because the batsman waited
And here miss fielding hits a four.
You will go.
Cash Ho became casual because the matches were very
It has become easier.
If the match becomes easier then the players get a little
It becomes casual. And when he was casual
Then there is scope for mistakes
It slowly increases and so it is.
Here. Currently only two balls are remaining.
is in the air. Will you get a wicket? I will definitely get it.
Will be caught behind.
and the last ball
Request to the batsman to please hurry up
Reached.
The wicket has fallen and now it is the last ball of this match.
that after
The teams of the first and second matches
They have lost their match, there will be a match between them
three overs each
And the same match will be of five overs in which both
The teams have come back victorious. and the match
If she wins, she will directly qualify for the quarterfinals.
For the final.
And third and another wicket
Back to back wickets. Batsman name please.
Name
It seemed as if there was no wicket left at the last wicket.
The umpire said that was not a wicket. At present
It is requested from both the teams that both the teams
Come for the toss.
of the first team
The team that lost the match, the second team
Loosed. Both teams are here for the toss
Come on. Please I request.
Ahead
This match will be of three overs each. I
I would request that
Fielding side and batting side please
You reach the ground and the umpire gives you a little
Like
Arrived for the match.
i you
Suraj Yadav to bowl
Here it was a full toss on the lower part of the bat.
I went and started, the keeper stopped him
You will get one run here.
So at present the vehicle is moving forward one by one
The score is rising and the score reaches six runs and one wicket.
at a loss of
Suraj is ready once again over the wicket
come forward to the batsman
Absolutely, there was an appeal here, the keeper was very
Confidence was there, absolutely keeper
The keeper was absolutely confident there.
There was excitement when the bowler came out.
There is a surprise here, the batsman and the umpire
Did not give any permission, finger raised straight
By doing this, he got a big wicket there.
Got it there, a little disappointed.
The keeper was dismissed for the entire conference due to the umpire's decision.
As soon as the keeper caught it there, he put his
The joy was evident that the wicket had come and
Bowlers should continue to move forward in all their throws.
Went there, second wicket fell here
Now the next batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
Got a big wicket, Ali has got two wickets
You got both the big wickets which were taken in the last match.
He was high tech and scored big runs there.
Both the players and both the grounds
have arrived
Now the next batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
Zoom Blaster
Pawan Kumar is the next batsman at the centre of the wicket.
To take the pay shift forward and here
There is a little zoom which looks like zoom
The first match had a zoom out and a little bit of zoom
These have happened. Because six runs are on the board.
Two successes have been achieved. Second over only
is staying here
And whoever loses from here will get the next chance.
Will get it for the fifth match.
Opportunity in the air, opportunity here and
Another opportunity will be missed.
Will be missed. June is completely here
Blaster could have been controlled here
Here. And if the extra bowler comes forward
If it had increased, maybe at another time
It would have been caught. Good try, failure
You will get back to back wickets here.
are here
Once again the bowler is right arm over the
wicket
Change of pace line ball played as
No run if fielder is present in the cross area
You won't get any runs here.
You will get loss of two wickets from Score Now.
Rohit coming down in the air, someone
I will not make a mistake here before
He was saved but this time it was caught by Rohit.
Beautiful catch
The next batsman bats at the centre of the wicket.
The wickets have fallen. Second over in progress
here
Krish who did excellent fielding.
Three catches were taken. within a single match
Got a chance to bat. This time
Played cricket in the field with his wrists. One
You will get one run here.
The next batsman to take the wicket
Kris is present in the air to One Bounce
Rohit will catch one run, one run will be given here
I will get one run, for now I will proceed with one.
The score reached eight runs for three wickets.
at a loss
with the third one
Almost the third over has started here.
Pay
Shekhar Gupta is bowling
Cutter continuously Cutter exactly
This type of bowling is here near June
Even if it is there, today it seems there was an equal fight.
Both teams have variety in this match.
There is a mix of the arts of both teams
near the bowlers
Look at this, Rohit is coming in the air brilliantly.
He is a player and will not make any mistake.
Here's that back-to-back fall of the fourth wicket.
The women coming out here are silent
If you want to keep it, you need wickets consistently.
and Pawan's wicket for a green run
Rohit's brilliant catch has been dropped here.
Fourth wicket falls for nine runs.
The third over is in progress at the score of .
The next batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
left-handed batsman left-handed
What will be the batsman's field action?
Taking the fielder from cow corner
to fine leg towards third man
If we talk about four players inside
The fourth player coming in from the corner
Three players standing towards extra cover
Inside the circle is on the off side and on the on side
A shot to square leg at square leg
present on
bowler
And he played the same game and completely misfielded.
Here we will say poor fielding, there was no catch.
I had to bring the body, I tried with my hands.
That too, an incomplete asset appeared to us here.
has invested an incomplete asset of
13 runs scored here
Got a four on the first ball to square leg
from the direction
next ball
It seemed like it would be a full toss but
Because it will not reach the player
From there it will become a yorker line and one run
And you will get one more run
Will take the score to 14 runs for four wickets
Here is the last ball of the third over at loss
But after this will there be 12 left?
The zoom blaster is under control here.
The next ball over the wicket, the last ball in his room
is in the air instead of what is the maximum here
It will happen, it will happen maximum
And the boundary line directly on the skin board
But our sister completely damaged it.
The lamp was completely damaged
shot by
Is there any record for this as well?
But he hit a six directly on the board and
Whoever does this might have some surprises in store for him.
Yes, you are surprise gifted here.
Like that CTA car window in T20
The cars that are rewarded for breaking in IPL
There is an award for bursting it.
There might be some surprises here too.
It will hit the board straightaway for six runs and many more.
Six runs is economical when your score is very slow.
20 runs scored in 18 balls
Loss of a wicket and the start of the fourth over
It is happening.
And
One bounce in front, Rohit is very good there.
He is fielding brilliantly and
There will be a little bit of rixi here direct
Instead of getting hit, there would be a direct hit on the side.
If there is a wicket, we will say it through our eyes.
I stole the antimony here in this manner.
There was a run, there was no chance at all.
With a slight fumble, this
These little things happen here and help you move forward.
It takes you into life. Even in cricket
Something like this. These little runs that happen, right?
When Haaz Ah Jo Har Ka Margzan When A Little Bit
If something remains, then we remember it. This small
Things that happen. Currently, the bowler once
Ready to speak again. left-handed
Batsman Left hand batsman.
The bat was offered first. He is gone. Leg bye
Whether it is run as is or not. Not there.
Absolutely, they are telling me that maybe there is a bat.
No, I didn't feel anything. Have to go back.
Energy bad for this run.
The umpire can also call it in the middle if he wishes.
To the batsman. Not a run as a leg bike
Is. Don't waste your energy. Save energy
Keep it for the next matches. At present
The bowler is ready to take the third ball of this over.
Is.
For a left-handed batsman. shot in the air
Players present. absolutely absolutely absolutely
Of course, when you know you're not even up to the ball.
If you can reach it, then balance yourself.
So that you don't give away more runs than singles.
Because even a single run will be your victory.
Don't give runs there, let them take boundaries.
Now right-handed
Batsmen will be in front Score Now 23 Loss of
Four wickets, four balls in four overs in the fourth over.
fourth ball
in the air and the keeper will field any backup
No, I did not feel the need to kill.
Last ball last ball from over number four
Opportunity in the air was once again missed.
A good batsman then stopped himself.
Here because the ball went so high in the air
He had taken it to such a height that he had scored two runs.
It will be easy when you go to the field
You will get one run when the ball goes air
I was going to get the second run when I had to field
If you go here, think about it and be prepared.
You will have such opportunities for this thing
He will come again and again in your life.
Inside this match you will find because tennis
This is a match, the ball bounces quite well.
There is an opportunity where you get ready
You have to be ready for this opportunity
I apologize before I bowled the last ball.
It was the last ball, but this is the last ball now, it's over.
Number four scores nice 26 for four
Come, eyes are somewhere, target is somewhere.
Meaning it was a different shot, it was a body ball.
The head was completely different from the line, which was completely
was well down from the line of the ball
Due to this, there is a perfect gap between the bat and the ball.
There was no connection with the dot ball.
Let's talk about the score at the end of the fourth over.
So 26 for four in the last over of this match sorry
I would like this innings' innings number to be first.
last over
Maximum runs will be scored in the last over.
More and more will have to be made here
Because before this 31 runs were scored in just the second innings.
She is sitting and chasing in the third over.
Fielding team and there is a retired head here
Ajay has come, maybe he has retired and is heading out.
It is agreed here because
Batsman returns after retirement
He can't come out unless he's injured.
I don't go. So if you have to bat again
If it has to be done then it is under the supervision of the umpire. You
If you go out of your mind then you will have to bat
If I don't get a chance. the last one for now
Ready for the over. fielding side
Talking about the score, it was 26 runs. less than here
You need at least 10 to 15 runs. 10 to 15
Minimum runs required to stay in the match
For. As I am telling you, the
The team that loses will get a chance. The next match
At present, whoever wins here will be serious.
Qualify for the quarter-finals
Will go.
Started with a four.
Starting with a four here.
What a great start it has been.
Hit a four on the first ball here. Big over
I have to make this and here it looks like a bat
Some part of it is installed. No help at all
Its. Meaning this catch has been dropped here.
If the catch was taken here, it would be a dot ball.
A round would have completely compensated for that four.
In a proper way. At present this has not been seen.
The score reached 31
last four balls for this inning inning number
Match number four
Big shot royal thumb more than a run for you
Didn't have a chance. Exactly the same here
You don't have much chance.
One
You will get a run. Now you have three runs left.
Now 32 runs in these three balls. Now these three
If six were scored in the balls, then 12 runs would be scored.
See how much target
back to the front again
One run, one run, one more run. one by one
It won't work. I need a big shot and
You have to make a run in the last two balls
You need some big shots.
You need some big shots from here.
Very beautiful.
The kind of bowler who bowls beautifully in the death overs
He wants to have some fun and get it done.
This ball is most ideal in almost the same position.
If I talk about ball death overs then
ok ball do you have a holder
To stop the batsman from taking a big shot
Currently the last ball is over number five.
Clean ball here again same delivery same
The result on the ball changed a bit here.
Is. You have got a wicket here. From this
First there was a dot wicket. Now you need 34 runs.
In the next five overs.
The match is at a very crucial moment. two wickets
Three wickets have fallen. Second over in progress
It is here.
Used a little technical. got stuck
Are. The player did not judge the bounce.
at third man because absolutely if
If you go to catch the bounce ahead, it will be very
It will be difficult. a little behind you
I'll have to go to judge its bounce.
For.
And this was a very crucial boundary here.
Because both teams are quite big.
There are teams. If someone gets a chance, he
End the match. Two overs are over now
Happened. Talking about the score, 16 loss of three
Wicket. 18 runs needed in 18 balls. wickets
that there is no issue because five
You cannot be all out in overs.
very much
This happens only if you are unlucky.
If it happens then we will not be all out. You are 18
18 runs in balls you need balls and
This is going to be very easy.
Will you talk about DLS square method?
With this method you would have scored 13 runs. Now three runs
Moving ahead. So absolutely correct.
The car is running here without any score.
Somewhere between 10 and 15 runs are short.
If I talk about John
You need 18 runs from the fourth over.
Wanted a big shot, absolutely needed it too
Because if you are under too much pressure
If you bat, it will be more beneficial for bowling.
I have the ability, I will not let you borrow
inside part of the bat
Does Dhoni want to wake up a little late?
There will be a battle of every run here.
You get an easy chance, the bowlers of the team give you a chance
Will not give much to prove in the first match
These bowlers have shown you a
Retiring you with one run, heading out
Are. Retirees are heading out here.
Here the retiree hut is set out
Taking the batsman to the very next ball
I missed it here, I missed the match, it seems
He will go till the last ball He will go till the last ball
Because the bowlers have the strength
Super United need 17 runs in 15 balls.
Gave me a chance here. I will say a little
Bad bowling here.
The batsman already made room on the off stump.
and give him the ball on your on side
Gave. Made the shot easy for him.
Now 13 runs are needed in the next 14 balls.
Next ball lay over number ball number five over
Number Three
It will be wide, it will be absolutely wide, the leg will be
It is outside the stump, I must have succeeded here.
But despite this the ball still travels
Went to the leg stump
Dot ball and now the last ball will be over number
Three's. Now there are 12 runs in 13 balls. If
If one shot comes in it will be easy
Finishing the match in the next match.
I have tried to drive. what will you give to go
Would you like to? You will get a four. There is a big gap there
But. This is way out of Chris's ball too.
Tried to the best of his ability as a keeper
There was too much outside. like Chris here
Two men were needed to stop this ball.
go.
Water
There was definitely an appeal.
Now you need eight runs.
18 eight runs in 12 balls.
There's a shot. This time Chris will stop it easily.
with because this time Joe is in Chris's range
This was the shot.
Seven runs needed. A six.
The team wants to avoid taking this match till the next over.
Let's go. It should be finished in this over.
Doing a little bit of fine leg
right in front of the keeper
And a good drive and fall here already
Went. He fell there even before the ball arrived.
But. Due to which the ball went out of his body
On top of that, we will give away four more runs. Now you
Need three overs in the next nine balls i.e. 100 overs
The match would have ended completely in our
It is visible.
We feel like this over might be the last.
Get over this
Because this match requires three runs in three balls.
Even if I make a single single, it still
The match will end in this over as
There was a voice coming from the dugout that this over
I should have pushed the end here
Absolutely
absolutely absolutely single single with this
Finishing the match for now
Now I've changed my strategy a bit.
So it seems that if the ball gets a chance
Batsmen will miss left-handed batsmen
If you had left it here, it might have been wide.
Caste. Currently the score of the last ball of this over
You need three to win. I would like to apologize
So before this a single had already been taken on the ball.
dot ball dot ball here
If you are listening to my voice from Mars Titan
The screen will appear on the board to add the team
The next round of matches will be group matches.
If the team of Mar Titans from Group B
You have reached the ground, so please go ahead of us.
Coordinate the screen board here.
The scoreboard is moving big
Meet me here on screen
And whatever the next group that came here
Teams that did not provide their names
Please come and meet us for matches.
The last over is going on. One run still needed.
Will this match go to every point?
Then the team will be sent based on the net run rate. Change
Done it here. Absolutely
Super over is in knock out. The super over is
It is in Knockou. That means the rule that I have made
I read it is written in the rules
There is also a league match witch. ok a little rule
Changed. Super over in every match
Is. The first was that there was no bare-knockout match.
In the quarter-final. But now the league
There is a super over for you in matches also. But
Will this mess come?
Will not come. This will not come, the match ended in a no ball.
This is it, the match ends on a no ball.
If you go further, you will not be able to score runs because
No ball, the match is over here.
Next
The teams that won match number three
And the user team of match number four
Those who have lost the match, both the tosses
come over for
Loser of the fourth match and winner of the third match
Both teams please come here for the toss.
for the next match
The last match of this group stage will be played in three overs each.
This match will be
June will face Versus, who
We have already played matches with each other before.
Both captains please come for the toss.
Between the Mazam Warriors' Captain and June
will be. The second team that wins this match
It will be formed because our first team has already been formed.
Super joint here who has these two backs
Won two back to back matches. Straight to the quarter-finals
which will be played tomorrow. At present
Both captains are here with me for the toss.
Warrior Call S
Warriors to bat first after winning the toss
I did fielding earlier, this time I will do it
Batting here
Rajat ji both have the same score, same score
Change is same, it is ok done
One ball in a three-over match
make a match
Captain of Secure please come for the toss
Go.
Secures
Captain of the first match of Group B
Captain from secure please toss here
please take it
Anad Warriors have the same coach and same squad
Come in, the same squad is inside, come in.
It came from the top and done
Toss between Titans and Strikers here
happening
The Calls Strikers The Calls and Tells The
Call Age Tales Ball First Security Team
won the toss and decided to bowl
Which will be played right after this. I
I would request that both the teams
Be ready. fielding side also because the match
As soon as it ends you have to reach the ground.
As soon as this match ends.
This match consists of three overs each.
The team that wins this will qualify for the second round.
First team for the quarter-finals of the round
We've got joints that have back to
Back has won his two matches. And now here
Both the teams have got a chance. Both
Teams won one match each in their group.
Are. The one who wins the second one will directly qualify.
Will go. There will be pressure as both teams play
Have already. So June won here.
did.
Talking about runs, he scored 88 runs.
When she was associated with Warrior in her second match
I am getting another chance here and in this
Got a chance to bowl once.
And here we go with Pay Signal
I've done yours here because there's a lot going on.
Is. One bounce two bounce.
You will get a four. You will get a four here
But.
And it was a good ball, here was the shot
Then let yourself be like
Another run to the front at the last moment
bowler to take the next ball
It is very difficult to read this bowler from above
On top of that, when he rotated the ball with his wrists
It would have been a little disturbing from there, right?
The batsman is at that last moment
This time it's a good shot because it's very nice
It's going on. There is no player behind.
You will get four runs here.
End of over one score now is 11 without
Loss. So Warrior started doing it here
scored runs within runs
The next bowler bowls his ball there.
for bowling
Joe dad and here the batsman ready.
The goal has been scored and the player is present. over there
At deep fine leg. Easy catch. Perhaps
The player was not known to be in this position because
There will be a power play of one over here. Three
In the match of overs. and a bowler has a
You will get a chance to bowl again.
Very good wicket here, very good
Because this ball did not have that speed and when
Clearing the boundary if there is no speed
a little bit difficult
The same thing was seen here, I got a wicket.
The next batsman is in the centre of the wicket.
to take the innings forward
Opportunity in the air, here the keeper made a mistake
It was a very simple mistake between the two.
It was a very easy catch.
Marriage is probably easier than giving you the opportunity
meet.
Next ball and a powerful shot. In mid-wicket.
A shot taken with all his might. any shortage
No, the ball will go out of the boundary line in this shot.
For six runs.
18 runs have been scored. Second over underway
There are three balls and three balls left.
And wanted a bigger shot here it felt like
Maybe a bit hasty in the first commit
I shot it, due to which the timing was not done.
Dot ball here
Bowler ready for the next ball
Coming down in the air and another
Maybe the sun was getting into my eyes and
Nice clever run here. Very
This is a clever run. One run is a must
Here.
You have no room for error
Is.
Planning your next match after this one
It will be ready.
We'll take singles here and to the side.
You will get single easily here.
If I talk about the score, then the score is here
Two overs completed. The score is 20. 20
Run. So the runs have been scored. Rajan is here, fill me up
In this over.
You have got the runs, you have got them completely.
You have runs
Take one, take another, take another beautiful one
Shot score will reach 26
Next ball, next ball, but the bowler is ready.
It was definitely in the air and wanted two runs right
Time will come to satisfy myself with a run
Both the batsmen will have to be here
Pay
Have cut the big shot wanted the last one for sure.
Adjusted myself to the covers for a run.
in the area of
And here the wicket is like a dot ball dot ball
It will work for you.
Another drop in the air. Three catches
Dropped it here. This is not expected
So from the team.
Three overs are over. Score made 31
Forest. 10 runs are needed per over. a little bit more than that
You need the above to win this match.
31 runs were needed
Eight runs have been scored here. first two balls
River sweep shot point
There is a player on one side of the
You will get one run. The score will reach nine runs.
with this single
Another dot ball here, another dot ball here
And runs last two overs 31 32 runs of this over
You need to hit the small ball in front
Sitting in the air, gas drops are still coming
will go here
If the ball was played towards the on side, you would
Success could have been achieved.
One bounces in the air again this time because
If there is a bounce, it will become difficult. Yes,
The attempt was good, but it failed. failed
Will stay this time.
This shot will get another boundary on the off side.
You will get the score
Around 13 to 14 runs an over here
almost finished you need a little more than this
You need 18 runs in your 12 balls.
You need 18 runs in this over.
Something bigger needs to be done
You have to do something big in this over here.
Pay
One over is over. We need wickets here.
The wicket will come through a dot ball. next batsman
There will be pressure here.
Bowlers ready again
One over power play because three overs
This is a match. Now five players can be kept out
Are. Four players are needed inside.
short ball
Bottom S was applied. will move in the direction of point A
And you will get more runs. One more run here
Pay.
The score will reach 15 runs and 17 runs are needed for this
A big shot should be tried in the over
Because if this match goes till the last over then that much
This will not be easy, somewhere or the other this June too
knows the thing
It will be a no ball because the wicket
She's gone out, she's gone out
Now you will get it for free here.
The batsman has given you a full chance.
gave you a shot at
I have given you a chance for a big shot. Wide
Will it happen or will it not happen?
There will be no fielding. This time off the wicket
Two no balls back to back.
Can a batsman hit a no ball?
I was there because I had the opportunity. you go and play
You can put that ball over there. something else
You will get extras. It's a free hit.
Free hit here. There won't even be a stump
Because there is a field, there are stumps and catches in the field.
Doesn't get out. Run out is considered a run
It is necessary for the batsman to take a run to get out.
The batsman was not going to score runs here.
I stepped out here.
So you will get life donation from both sides. To you
For catches as well as stumps.
taking the next ball
This bat is once fast enough for the keeper's liking.
If you try to play a shot fast, you might get hurt.
Somewhere the ball rises up
There he went over the keeper.
Next ball Next ball over the wicket here
It is a small ball, I pulled it completely here.
Gave me a chance here, it was a small ball and time too.
The batsman had enough time to play the shot.
Brother, take the ball and come out of the boundary line now.
I think you need it in the next eight ball.
You will get eight runs in the next eight balls.
Only eight runs are needed, that is, one shot and here
But will end this match.
Look, he went into the air. not much not much
You took it, friend. Two players came in the meantime.
Maybe it was a catch at mid-off. For the bowler
quite difficult because it please a little
You have to come back a little bit. reverse back
What is to come will not be easy.
Now you need the next seven
Seven runs in 10 balls.
Seven runs needed from seven balls.
And I absolutely agree right now
I have expressed my consent, I have got the wicket.
Here it is on the last ball of the second over.
Seven runs needed off six balls, match still underway
which is on
According to the first match, in this match
Don't see batting if the first kind
If batting had happened, the match would have ended here.
Because 88 runs were scored in five overs and
Here it is 25 in just two overs. six balls
You need seven runs in six balls.
You need seven runs in six balls from here.
Seven runs needed.
Pass six by taking time to score some runs
I became completely mine here
Because the situation of the match became like this
It has happened. The situation of the match became something like this
It has happened. It's taking a little while because
Either way it's a knockout for the next round.
This is the match. One mistake and now
Outside
Four players are required inside, one of whom is
Third man, point, extra covers and
Square Leg These four players Chatiya Circle
If I talk about the inside five outside the deep
square leg deep mid wicket long on
long off and a cover
The batsman was not ready, the bowler refused.
To
Is it in the air, is it high, is it even a distance?
Is
I have got the exact distance, a run here.
You need approximately to win this match
This match is over and Zoom is probably the second
The team will be our quarters tomorrow.
for the final
One run needed and it came in the air. catch here
Has given. The wicket is given away and missed
Here. The match ended with one run.
This match is over.
Both the teams have tossed for the match
Both teams please come to the field to bat.
Whose toss has taken place.
Om
June Blaster please get on stage.
June gets on stage near Blaster
Please.
Starting here, Group B
Of matches. Umpire here a little team
while taking
here and
The team has won the toss.
Group B matches
First lion
Right over the wicket for the batsman to bat first
on the ball
It started with a six here first
You will get a six on the ball.
The beginning has started. It was a beautiful start
It is here.
Started with a six.
Both Captains of the Dominators and the SMC
Head here to nominate your team.
for the next match. Fine here at the moment
One run will be awarded for the leg. Chauka Mill
Will go. You will get a four here. Five
It is a five-over match. The next match also
It will be of five overs.
here
Ready for the next ball
ball in the air
And this wicket was taken. Before this, four
Six wickets
SMC Aurors
If both the teams are available here then
There's been a lot of action here in the first over.
Strikers won the toss and elected to field
and invited Titan who
Lalit came to bat and took wickets.
Sourav took over after the wicket fell.
Piyush Sharma started the bowling and
right arm over the wicket
It was a full and played delivery in front.
drove it there for more than a run
You don't have a chance to hit the ball on the off side.
It is difficult to hit Lalit, let's talk about the sixth
The match is 70 runs and his average is 23 runs.
And talk about strike rate, 162 strikes
You will have to keep an eye on the rate above 150
strike rate
Now this ball was a small ball, the rest a little below
also been down there because of this cut shot
Played through point for a run
End of Number One
Talking about the score, it is 12 for one.
Wanted another outside shot here.
He missed the ball, perhaps the height of the ball deceived him.
gave it here
12 runs scored for the loss of one wicket
The next ball is a full toss, so it's a good thing
Waited. Waiting for the ball until the last minute
Did. If you had done it a little too quickly or
Then normally it is seen that the full toss ball
The excitement that comes here
The batsman did not see the pitch and waited.
Did he let the ball come completely at last?
The ball was played on time due to which the timing
It was very good, the ball was also good
If he goes into the gap, then very good batting here.
I would say it was very skillful batting.
Whenever you wait, you will take your time for the ball.
Neither the timing is much better
Your entire game will be over.
It's about timing, take it, definitely play in the air
Tha One Bounce will collect this because
It felt like the ball hit the sticker because of this
And it's a good thing if the sticker is a little lower
If it had been there, it could have been in my hands.
The bowler is ready to take the next ball.
Short delivery to wicket batsman here
Pay pull done Player is present in team mid
Good fielding on the wicket, good fielding
There's more than a chance of a run there.
Played in the air. Where are the many sixes here?
Six here, six here
24 runs have been scored from the last ball of the over, cut shot
Did the extra cover player there?
There is no more than one chance for runs
You have to be ready because the ball
Vicky's ball runs a little there.
You have to be a little prepared for this.
for the first run for the second for the fast
Always be ready, right now, and on number two.
Score
25 pay points
here
Getting ready for the third over
12 runs per over would have been the preparation for the third over
Hui. The batsman is ready there. from the umpire
Request to start the match a little early
We will get it pulled and leave. In a five-over match,
I will tell you. There is not much time because
There are still a lot of matches left to be played after that.
Now.
back next ball take ball ready small ball
I waited again but the timing was such
It seemed like it was an issue, but still a matter of timing.
There is an issue but the gap is very big, there is a four there.
I will get square square leg and cow
There is such a big gap between the corners that mid
In the area of ​​the wicket that is easily cleared
I will go there, this timing was not good.
Despite that you still got this four
Dominator Dominator's team if on the ground
It is available. Their captain hears my voice
If you are there then please come to add that team.
Wide ball, wide ball, over throw here
For hard backups, proceed here first.
The keeper will have to coordinate the players
that if you are going to do something like this
Another player is ready for backup.
Such a shot came here, a chance to open my hands
Diya batsman will not miss this shot
If you reach 38 runs then it is a big thing.
scoring runs here
And this time back to back boundaries back to back
Batsmen will give opportunities on the boundaries on the on side
to a fully prepared tennis ball
The batsman on the on side in matches is always
It gets ready. You will give me a little chance
If the ball becomes even slightly smaller, then understand that
That is a Diwali gift for the batsman.
Won't leave at all
And once again the player has missed the pull.
Fielding's four, three off three balls
Did the boundary six include the over?
what is this happening over happening
46 runs have been scored here. Third over goes on
Used to be. Even after this, at least 12 years are left.
The remaining will be over after this over.
Wicket, wicket, wicket, wicket, big over here.
It was too much. 14 runs were scored from boundaries.
Finally got this wicket.
Side run: Three overs completed, 46 for two
Players who play the ball from a distance are at a disadvantage
The player is present there right now
More than a run towards extra covers
The opportunity is not here, it can be stopped next time.
Because you gave away wickets in 12 balls.
It has been given that the new batsman will take some time
Batsman New Batsman Team 33 This is his name
Is. He may have kept his real name hidden.
bowler
Come, opportunity, opportunity, we will stay away from here.
Will stay away from here. Three players down
Were coming. It was a very easy catch. plenty of time
Was. It's been seen here that a little bit here
But in terms of catching in this tournament
The teams have disappointed a bit. Very
Easy Easy Se June Ne with little affected
We definitely did it and after that no team like this
Those who did not get caught in this manner
caught and influenced something. Very easy
Simple catches that should be made and many more
Those catches seem easy but they did not happen.
I will request the team to look at it once.
take a little responsibility from the captain and
Please come and nominate your name here.
so that you give
And here's the opportunity
You will miss it very much right in front.
Beautiful catch, the ball was going deep here.
It is not easy to say this, I request
Which teams were playing in this tournament
who have not given their names to us
I have given you my name, we just need your name for now.
Now when you play the match then you will play 11
For now, can you give us the names of 15 people?
Give me what I want, I am practicing
who is from group B who is from group C if
If it is available then please our board,
Scoreboard that is running, digital score
The board is running. Please come here and
Nominate your team.
Next ball: Fifth ball of the over, one on one
The wicket is done. beautiful front side
You won't get many runs but you will get many shots.
It was good. If this season was a ball, you would
Would definitely have given a big shot. At present
Because there's a tennis ball on the ground.
It will go at whatever speed it has.
There will be a slight decrease and there will be a decrease
If it goes there, the fielder will get a chance.
To field him and stop some runs.
At present the bowler is ready with the next ball.
Last ball from over number two.
It's in the air here. No match this time too
Will fall in line. and will give here
You score with one more run and one more run
Three runs will be reached at the loss of one wicket.
Captain of the Dominator Dominator
Again Dominator's captain please here
Just give your name, the next match is yours.
And time is very short
We have received the name of your opponent team.
Yours has not come and this is the fifth consecutive
The sixth call is for you
This time it will clear the air completely.
No, the height was high but it was not that far.
The distance that gives you the maximum
Bhaiya, I could not get the maximum straight away
It fell straight into the hands and went straight into the bag
fallen player
The second wicket has fallen. second over
In
The second over has started. two wickets
Have fallen. 1.2 overs
good try on the front side
If it doesn't hit your hand here, it's a four.
I would have got it because it had fallen into the hands of the one whose
While walking, he did not even get a four and did not get a catch.
But those two runs were too much for him.
Important, these two runs are too many
Important these two runs
Rohit Mr. Rohit if you can hear my voice
If yes, please come here Mr. Rohit
Mr. Rohit, ok Abhay team, take the name of the team
There you go, okay okay okay, dun dun dun, okay, fine.
It was in the air, it was in the air and look at the tennis ball
He is the secret of bowling success in
Fingers on the balls, two overs at the moment
The innings is over and eight runs have been scored.
In the next 18 balls for the loss of two wickets
51 runs needed. This is that 51 runs in 18 balls
which is Pakistan
The World Cup which was our T20 World Cup
It was needed there when Virat Kohli played that innings
Had played hope to Rahul who hit a six in front
I had put in an innings like this, you need one
Because that's where 48 runs are needed in 18 balls.
India needed only 51 here.
We need an innings like Virat Kohli in this match.
and who will play that innings to save
here
And on the front side, One Bounce Two Bounce, which
Very beautiful fielding by the players
Butts definitely collided
Did not let the ball go out of the boundary
And here when a situation like this arises
If it happens then what happens to the next player that
Main player who goes to backup ball
Second player support is going to be taken
goes backwards so that
The chances of injury are very high for us.
They get reduced. This little coordinate
Have to do it. A little calling game here
But it happens. yes yes like we play cricket
played and taught how to call
It means yes yes no no you are the person in front of you
Who are you telling? Yes means I am leaving
Am. No means you take it, I am yours
I am on backup. something like this
Coordination
Exactly the same coordination that I
I was talking and now you need the next 16
48 runs in 10 balls
It's in the air here, so there won't be a catch.
singles will do exactly that
We will do it because there was no catch there.
If you go to take a catch, you need to take a shot more.
There is no need for much wickets here.
You don't have it, you just need to stop the runs.
More than singles and doubles on the scoreboard now
Don't let the score be made.
The ball will cut through the air over the keeper's head.
Balanced myself there at the right time
Third Man. The player who was present in the street.
Coming into the third man position,
Balanced. If there was a little bit of up and down
So maybe one more would have got you a few more runs here.
Can't call this a four but a few more runs
You could have found it here.
The next ball is moving its fingers here.
Bat in a little gap because long off and
Both the cheetahs are standing at long on
The captain. The Titan's captain has both
The players are very strong on both front sides.
Don't give more than one run a chance there.
are. Now for the last third over.
The captains of both teams come for the toss.
Please.
Captain of the next match
NSC captain please come for the toss
here
SMC Captain with a little longer stride
Please come for the toss
And bring the team from there because the next
The match is yours and it's ours here.
The fourth over means five difficult to understand
within minutes
We will prepare it, please.
44 runs in last 12 balls last 12 44 balls easy
No, if not impossible, it is very
Beautiful fielding, so beautiful.
Fielding here: Five runs for the entire team
I saved it for you. There is absolutely no catch here.
There was no scope. Didn't even go for that.
All he had to do was stop the six. While the score
Still need a lot of runs on the board. a lot of runs
Still need it.
There has definitely been an appeal. There has definitely been an appeal.
Captain of the SMC and your second Captain
He is waiting. Please
The opponent captain is waiting for you to toss
For. Please
Last nine balls left.
Front
And I picked it up and played here at Cow Corner
On the side. One will bounce out of the boundary line
For four runs. right at the cow corner
It is called that area of ​​long on. Step Out
I did it there because the power play was going on.
Is. Because of this, you are the only two players who
You can stay outside the circle, that's it
Long order cow corners i.e. country
These two players are from the same circle.
The last few balls of the power play outside
Heavy part here, keepers but behind third man
But the player was present and you scored more than one run.
No chance to pass
The cut was made there in the point area.
The player was also present because the ball was struck
She was dripping. tried it there
But he failed and the ball went beyond the boundary line.
Outside.
end of end of number 24 17
Dot ball here starts the third over.
Is. Starting with a dot ball here.
Is.
It's up in the air here what player down
Will not come at all, try to stop two runs
It should be but beautiful running between the
Can you take the wickets of both the batsmen in the third innings?
Wicket wants to go a little difficult here
But Strikker did not refuse at all.
The batsman played here
Talking about the score, 19 runs have been scored.
Pulled it there on the crease at off stump
Took full advantage of the fall there
This four towards fine leg, this area
This tennis is a favorite of the batsmen.
Fine from square leg in ball cricket
The leg and mid-wicket areas from where
Most of the runs, if I talk about it, approximately 50% of the runs
Scores come from the area that comes.
the rune on the board
The bowlers are ready once again.
And this time he wanted a big shot and took the ball to the field.
I was here but I missed it completely
And the wicketkeeper did his job.
And once again the ball is with the bowler.
The third over has started here. Power
Two overs of play have ended.
I stepped out here because there
I am throwing it, maybe there is no need
Because only two runs were scored.
The umpire will signal wide there.
The umpire opened both sides.
Once again the bowler is ready on his feet
Atul got a chance in the air here and
This time Atul will be spared. This time Atul discount
I will go because this time I will give a little chest
Went to take the catch on the line. being one step behind
Then it would have been easier. Went to get it on the chest.
Due to this the body gets balanced.
No, he was not that good. Due to this it
The catch was dropped. Pay a little attention to this
The right thing is that whatever catch you take
Take a little under the body. Not in the chest
Take it. It is easier to take a catch on a high base.
It happens.
Probably no run as leg bye.
The umpire will signal. Absolutely miss it
Runs given as leg byes
Runes don't exist with you. The batsman has his
The original strike will be at the end.
You have to go to your original end.
It's the last ball.
I have said it clean here completely
I
Went
I am yours in my heart
In
I
End of Number Three
God is angry, God, I have taken yours
You are my name, my heart is yours
I am intoxicated, I am your devotee
There is a big distance between you and the world, what about your presence?
Only he will understand why it is necessary to lose one's heart
Don't say it, give me your face
My love is there, look at your corner
your face
I have no love for you, look at me
thank you thank you
Viraj came next batsman and stood at the centre of the wicket.
In after three overs score 21 for three
over by taking the second over because
Two bowlers have two overs
There is a quota of. That means using a total of three bowlers.
You can in your match and whoever has three
There is a one over match in which one bowler bowls an over.
Can do. No two overs in this
It is possible because you have three bowlers
It is compulsory to use
On the front side, here are two dots on two balls.
Ball Rupal is bowling very well
Here we are bowling the second last over.
The score is ready after the second over of the innings.
Only 21 runs, two dots in two balls, 10 balls
The rest of the game is here
And wanted to cut with a light hand. Bai and
There is no coordination between the balls. on three balls
Three dot balls here, the fourth ball is definitely
would like to go for the big shot from because
It won't work with single. three dot balls
You need at least one shot later. Absolutely
Like I said, step out.
And here it will be run as bye.
What pitches are needed? because from the wicket
It won't make any difference. Bai as it
There is a run. It won't make any difference. from the wickets
A dot ball is a wicket for you. Here
You gave away a run
So what will happen, he could be the next batsman
Make a big shot.
Went to chase the dot ball. went to chase
Went.
Went to chase it completely. Then the umpire
decision wide ka vahan pe
I definitely went to chase. But despite that
Maybe the bowler got out.
Dot ball here
Now only two runs from the last ball of over number four.
One in the form of a bike and one in the form of a girl
In
Again there was a change in the ball of the over
It will end and number four score will not
23 Pay To
Himalaya
Because both of them bowled two overs. Just new
You have to bring the bowler. The first over will be
This will be his last over of the innings.
Talk about score 23 pay to.
From here the effort should be to score 30 runs
Don't give too many runs. the manner in which
The pressure is on the way the batting is going.
It is made here
bowler ready to return
And try to bowl a little wide ball here.
Trying to do C extra here while
The situation is such that the score on the scoreboard
If you are not with your merit and your strength
If you go bowling then it becomes very easy
Will go for you.
Take this because the batsman will go to bat.
You don't have to do anything. You have your line
You have to keep the length up. Batsman from there
Will tease. And he will create a chance
For you.
Bowling full is what your merit is.
Save. Save your energy and your
Bowl with discipline.
I was thinking of doing something different once again.
right here right here
The captain is also saying the same thing, there is no need for this thing
of
Because you can also score runs as extras.
After that you will have one ball extra
you will make it happen
The match is completely under control
I don't want to loosen this grip for the last time.
Both bowlers worked hard in the over.
I have done this for this position, for this position
Take this
Take this, when you give easy runs then
Then even difficult runs will become easier. it
The ball was not bad but it was against the batsmen.
It was a shot of skill and that skill was such that when
You gave two wides and runs were scored from there.
This is what happens when you are given the opportunity. when you
try to go separately and
I was also prepared for this line because I knew
Tha somewhere down the leg bowling ho
Has been. He was ready for the on side.
Here it is in the air here. There is a chance
The player failed to stop his foot because
The bounce is so good that the ball crosses the boundary line.
She will go out. 10 runs have come. 10 runs came
Have gone. Absolutely look at that two wide if that
If there was a dot, the over would have been four here and
Perhaps these shots that you have are also big.
It would have been difficult. So that's the thing. then you
I would have gone and done something a little different. Thinking something different
When you keep it, you go to take the wicket
Then runs are scored there and if you
You will think that the dot ball should be taken out and saved.
So there the wicket comes to you on its own.
Right now between long off and covers.
In the area of ​​extra covers where the shot
The fielder is placed four players
Taking what is present from the third mind
Area of ​​covers
One run is more than one chance, but no
The batsman has done his job.
Hitting a four, six and getting it out as a wide
Two runs have also been scored, that is, a total of 12
13 runs have been scored in this over
I reached 36, so at this time it seemed that
below 30 will be stopped there
Reached 36 runs, earlier it was 23
There is a chance of a wicket for
Because now we don't have camera angles here.
Now the umpires are still thinking and so
Looks like the catch is right here
will have to give
And that is more important than the wicket.
dot ball
Look look
Bowl a wide yorker or bowl an offstum
If you do, there are these successes. Just bowler
needs that line up length
Have retained it.
36 runs were scored in the last balls of this over.
This is the second league match of the second group.
Today is our seventh match of the day. 20 matches
We have to reach there.
We're not even halfway there yet.
If I talk about time, then time almost
It's 12:30 and we're still halfway through the match.
It's a little further away. Now!
Last ball over number five score now at 36
Three.
It should end with a dot ball. This only
I was talking about this line of length being a
There is an ideal line of length from where you
The runs scored depend on the skill of the batsman.
Will be made. It will not favour the batsmen.
He will go there to make that shot based on his skill.
From. Like the shot seen on the last ball.
In the process of making it.
The batsman got a bonus if the ball went up
Full toss and the third beauty is that it is on the on side.
But it became easier for the batsman.
More than a chance for a run once towards the top
No. Both the batsmen have it.
match
The team in match one and the match in match two
The third match will be of three overs each between them.
If so, the closing team of the first match
He should please be ready and go straight to the ground for the toss.
will arrive at the end of the match and
One run here, field the ball well.
and both batsmen took the wicket with ease.
This one run was completed, talk about the score
If we do this then the score has reached 17 runs still
4 b remaining You need approximately that many runs
Needed
It will become wide, it will become very wide
I will definitely support the umpire in Offsteam
was very much out of
19 have been made, 18 overs are needed, almost half the runs are needed
And you have to make it to win this match.
That means three sixes
one of which has been attempted
It's difficult on the front side and easy on the on side.
Deepak has taken this catch. Great catch.
This shot is good for the on side. just in front
It is very difficult towards. front side
There is a big boundary. So much to clear it up
It won't be easy.
18 runs off 21 balls. The next batsman to take the wicket
Coming to the center.
New batsman first in the center of cricket
ball right over the wicket
The batsman was welcomed with a full land.
Scored drive accounted for one run
The player opened his eyes here.
the batsman
And now sir, the batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
Shot needed this absolutely silent dry over
Used to be
Dot ball here, this line and this length is very
Ideal for tennis balls because here
But the batsman is not because of his strength
If the shot can be cleared due to timing then
It will not clear the ground in front
on the side
Yes, this shot
You need this area, this area. Ultimately, which
I wanted a four and I got it on the last ball.
The score has been delivered
24 runs. 13 runs needed in the next 18 balls.
Perhaps this could prove to be the last over.
13 off 18 needed and it looks like maybe
This over is to be finished in 30 overs.
The batsmen will give and the power play has definitely opened
Is
It was a small ball, the player was shocked here.
On a cut shot, the ball spins slightly and
If it went outside the boundary line then it was a four.
The start has begun, nine overs are needed and this
Nine runs in five balls is a lot I think.
It will be easier for the batsmen
This is going to be easy. Nine runs needed, 28 runs
Have been made. If he runs in the last over
If he had not come, the match would have ended here.
I keep saying this to the front
Yes, it is very difficult.
I wouldn't say it's impossible to clear, but
Yes, it is definitely difficult, the batsmen have done it.
A batsman bowled a big shot in front
only
The ball will stay away from here, absolutely.
I had complete confidence there.
wicket fell
And now the next batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
Will come. Wicket number two makes a difference
This wicket will not be needed because only nine
Runs needed in the next 15 balls to win
In.
Nine runs needed in 15 balls
One bounce, two bounces and a run in the air
The vehicle number on the ground is Haryana 51
2461 vehicle number i20 that please a little bit
i20 should go to the parking lot
HR 51
2461 Whoever owns the car number i20, please provide one
Please go to the parking lot.
Request Train No. 24 61 246
Here I have named six and
I was saved, I was saved here, very good.
Assat very nice Assat stopped here
Umpires still confirm this completely
It absolutely happened
Now you need seven runs in the next 12 balls to win the i20.
241 2461
It seemed to us that the third over might be the last over.
It will happen but not after taking the wicket and waiting there
Do it and Deepak has come
Deepak ji has come
White ball wide ball here
You will get a four, you will get a four.
What ended here, the match ended.
It's all over, two balls
Your two balls were extra.
Umpire sir stopped both the losing teams
Let's do the toss right here and start the match.
Loose teams please Captain Yes
And what happened in the previous match
Please come to the ground for the toss.
Strikers, strikers please come out for the toss
Strikers arrive
Strikers' captain reaches for the toss
Go. This match consists of three overs each
Umpire Sir, both teams will bowl three overs each.
There is a match. Toss it and get it started. His
Later both the winning teams will play each other.
In. Both
The winning team of the other will play first. After that
There will be a competition with whoever wins this match.
Take the ball, take the ball.
Sir, please sit here.
If you win this match, you will get a chance.
For Round 2, which will be Match Number 5
It will also be of three overs.
They
The next winner will play the next match.
will be match number
With the winner of the fourth match
He will play match number five, that too for you.
If the match is of three overs each, then the one who loses the match
After this, there will be three chances for now.
The toss has been done and the batsmen have arrived.
Please come a little early
batsman
Please update the scoreboard. digital
The scoreboard is right in front of us.
Whoever is updating this, please update it a little bit.
Please update it. Just a humble request
Our uncle.
And our digital scoreboard is well maintained.
Our Saran saheb is sitting in the debate.
leaning back and doing it very well
He is doing his work sitting behind the scenes.
Hardly anyone in Delhi has to praise
There is a person who does not recognize this name.
If you are connected to Cruc Heroes.
DJ does a great job. They say
The scoreboard has been updated.
on our digital scoreboard. Absolutely
This is fast. Get your work done in a few seconds
Let's complete it.
The scoreboard is done. to put the ball
Ready for. Both opening pairs are at the crease
Has reached the centre. bowlers in their
Running is on the mark. First ball three overs
It is completely ready here
Bowler. First ball, short ball and wicket here
Dropped the first ball. And take it
Gave another single here. batsman
I was standing on my own ground. from there
Trying to stump and
I had to go for one run but the wicket fell there.
one run
Very beautiful fielding here.
Going into the area a little different, our on
I will talk about the side from mid-wicket
And the area up to long on is magical.
The ball is stopped so beautifully.
Wherever there is the ability to stop players
Of course.
Take it in the air, take it in the air, I called
The player. Absolutely and here it is dropped.
And here it is dropped. Got two runs also.
Three almost three chances in the first over here
I have completely lost all three here.
The team.
And here I changed the tempo.
But. extreme changes in speed
The batsman was the first to commit. The ball came later
In
Only four runs have been scored. Two successes in hand
She stopped just before coming. But both were very easy.
Both were very easy. as by
will create something else entirely
Because the team that loses here
His journey will end here.
The winning team then has to fight another battle.
Will happen. The fight will be of three overs each
In the fifth match.
The bowler is ready to take the next ball. front of
One bounce on the side. The right jump at the right time
The way the ball is judged here
Because leaving here means the limit
Outside the line end of number one scores six
without loss
The second over begins here.
The bowler can play any game after losing on his block.
You have no room for anything
Yes, this means your backup in this tournament
If you have to come back tomorrow, what will happen tomorrow
Have to play for him in the quarter finals
You need not one but two wins, one this one and the other
The winner of the next match after this
From
You have picked it well. The cap has sat down. four
She will give it to you. She will hit a four. The cap is
Over there. That area was left blank. that area
Leaving it blank means that from there
That is the scoring area. That scoring area
Because off pay seems so high
No big shots that area good teams pack
Keeps it at mid-wicket and cow corners
Most of the runs are the percentage of runs
He's at least from the same area.
Stepped out Player is here
The fielder will reach the target with speed.
will give you one run
One more run will be given.
next ball
Played lightly here.
One more run will be given. Score with one run
13 runs will be reached. Last two balls of this over
Is left; remaining. Maybe if the score gets updated
I tell you. At the moment, 13 to ball left
For this over. The batsman is getting tired.
Batsman walking out retired
This time too the player is a little fine
Sa is inwards, one run for this shot.
Last ball score of Milega is 14 runs and one more
The batsman has retired and is out, umpire sir.
Retire head out now contract these because
cannot come back to bat and
Maybe there won't even be a chance because three-three
This is a 14 over match with seven balls remaining.
Runs have been scored
a run right jump to the front
Here you need to guess
It will be over here end end two
Talking about the score after the over, 15 runs for one.
In the same manner for the loss of a wicket
If we bat, the score will be 22 to 23 runs.
But from here we will think of 30 runs, at least 30.
runs will at least be safe from here and if 20
22 runs will be very difficult to save the match
Good and quite a run to the front.
You won't get much chance and the backup will be there.
Also see, this coordination should happen
Of the team. If one player is gone, the other
Come to backup. Don't stand your position
But because if there is even a slight fumble then
Then you will get a chance for that second run and there
Could cut it. One more retired player each
Retiring on the ball.
The bowler once again bowled right arm over the
Wicket. changed the pace and very
I left it out too much. It felt like the finger
to turn around. The ball should come inside the ball cut
No.
Tried to insert the cutter but it remained straight
Due to which the umpire declared it wide.
by
Here it is, this time it is a full toss and the player is down.
This time there will be no mistake, this time there will be a wicket
falls and the next batsman will bat at the centre of the wicket.
But he will come and run very fast
We would like to thank you for this s
Batting players that he is in time
Now we understand the delicacy of rapid change
Coming to the wickets quickly
The bowler is changing, the field should be clear.
This is what we need from you and keep going like this
So we will reach on time which we will reach on time.
Are lagging behind a little bit.
The player is present but Mark O
Good fielding there by jumping and catching the ball.
Put it in and then went out of the boundary
Went
Was it like this, friend, I am constantly
I am talking about this area, right?
There is magic in this. Hey, when a player
When you reach there, it is of a different level.
The player becomes a fielder, he looks like this
His wings came, he flew away
Did you clear the bar this time? Yes.
No way, no way, right in the hands
Another wicket is more important than a wicket
These are the dot balls which are continuously increasing.
and now you have only two left
It's probably the last ball, I looked at the score a little bit.
No, according to the scoreboard and
I'm sorry for looking at the scoreboard.
I told him because he might bowl the ball now.
The last ball is the wicket, yes because
Only after taking the wicket will that fifth ball be there.
It will be counted, he is bowling the last ball.
The last ball is here
Surely the last ball will be updated here now.
Still waiting on the scoreboard. Absolutely
It's done.
Take the last ball not above leg bye
Is. You need all 20 runs to win.
In the next 18 balls, somewhere these two
There will be a match of overs.
There should be a two-over match.
Rohit Bhai, please save us a lot.
Rohit Bhai, if you can hear my voice then
Please give us the ball.
Mr. Rohit from Management Committee
If you are listening to my voice then a box of balls
Please provide it to us.
Fielding side, batting side a little early
hurry please
A four has been hit here, such are the covers.
The captain in the area was from the captain of the mass
Finally, my request is that please come sir.
The match is over, we have to do the toss.
Please.
All captains are requested to make the next change
Whatever it is, please do a little bit till the match
If it doesn't happen, plan on it.
Because our time is very precious here.
One
And the match will probably be a four here.
will end
Go
O!
can keep
Happy this chick
Fielding side whose fielding is please
Get to the ground quickly
The fielders should reach the ground. batsman
Please reach the ground quickly.
Ahmed I have scheduled the match.
Tell them I have cancelled the match. Fielding
Side please reach the ground.
Fielders please reach the ground.
Bhaiya's captain, take your field inside
Please long shed we have. I
I'm tired of requesting teams.
Teams will not be there to listen to our
With this you let us play the matches and we will play the entire match.
Base Match
You won't be able to match if you do this.
Our entire already hour was delayed by 45 minutes
We are late guys
Hi
Taxes from the captain
Happy
You don't get any runs in the form of leg bye.
and LP W is also not out and
You definitely have runs in the form of byes.
And the overthrow that you can take after losing.
Wanting a shot but not that elevation yet
I am still not getting the thing I am getting
need
Or should I say the bowlers there
Bowling very well
The batsman who is retired out will not return.
can come
And Om has played a shot and scored more than one run.
You don't have a chance here
bowler to take the next ball
Poor bowling, too far outside left
And the keeper has missed five runs here.
This will go a long way in giving you extras.
Important runs: These five runs are extra.
The ball did not even count as the score
has been delivered to
14 runs
next ball bowler
Pulled the ball from off stump to on
You have more than a run to the side.
There will be no chance.
last ball over number two over number two last
Ball Score 15 Loss of 1 wicket
There will be another wide
Another wide will be given by the umpire on both sides.
opened it
There's a shot. Full shot here player behind
is present. one more run
End of Number Two Score 17 18 Remaining
Happy
happy this
seam
Bomb Bungee
bomb bomb
Bam wanted to do the next middle over.
making a room
taking the next ball
This time also I came back. Made your room
On the front side. You have more than one run
No chance.
Next ball Next ball pulled here
The player is present and tried from a hand
I was also ahead and got out for six runs.
For
Come
Come India
Ready again to take the next ball. insert
is trying to. in the air once again
You don't get a chance more than once.
No chance at all
Taking the next ball, a small ball has been cut there.
There are no players available on One Bounce Two
The ball bounces into the covers.
Will give you four runs
25 runs have been scored. The third over is going on.
It is proving to be a very expensive over. enough runs
It has been made in this over. A lot of runs have been scored
Are.
And another dot ball here
Secure Now
For this fifth match, the team of their group
The team that loses here will win here.
There will be competition. Three overs here at the moment
Ended. Talking about the score, it is 29
One run has been scored.
The fourth over will start here. From here
It should be stopped at least runs because
This match is as
The lower the score, the easier it will be for you.
for the next round.
If the out team comes, meet them here.
Register your team with us
The captain of How Done How Done should come to us.
To add a team, go for team registration.
Your next match is the first from Group C.
And here comes the voice and the finger is raised
will go
It's going perfectly well inside
One CZ Dzire
Dzire please come and meet me in the parking lot
Take it.
Desire
Run
Next ball of the fourth over
here
And try hard, but you will fail this time.
Because it's a little beyond their reach
The ball is gone
let's talk
Big scores have already been made in this over. 35
runs had been scored and it seemed that perhaps
can be stopped a little less because here
It has been cut. Cut to the player there
There is no chance of more than one run. three ben
The fourth over is over. three bets left
We will try not to give more than one run.
Jaaye chaar ben sorry thoda sa score me board
I am talking after seeing it, I will update it there.
ok thank you love you too
Currently looking at this match
faster than by flicking your fingers
This bowling was changed here
It requires
Answer: Playing tennis or Vicky Ball match
If the season is not playing from Wall Street, it's
You must have the technique. If you like this
If you want to be successful in this format, then
bowler
and a change of pace before the good
Had done. from a slow to a fast beat
Has given. End of number four score now is 36
Pay Three
The last over is over. still a little bit
Fijians
Maybe the last ball, a ball
In the air. What will clear the air?
There is a chance. I missed the opportunity here too. Miss
I did it. Six runs have been given away. So, this is a huge
It was over. Almost 42 runs have come.
The total score is 42 runs. four overs
after the end and here this catch is to be taken
I need a little. Firstly, you don't get six runs on top.
From. She gets botched. It was a very easy catch.
There was enough time too. She looked at his shoulders and face
That ball hit the side and went away.
Cameraman, if you can hear my voice?
Please come to the stage for the photo.
cameraman cameraman wherever you are my voice
Are you listening please, the photo reached the stage
To pull.
Bowler Mast is a little early, it's the last over
The last ball, the last over of this innings is in the air.
Is there a chance or has it been cleared? cleared it
Here he cleared the target for six runs.
For. The beginning has been good. The beginning is quite
It's good here. Big on the first ball
The score is in. Single and double will also go then
also from 12
A four-handed over can only be a 12-run over.
Is. And if one more shot comes, then 15 more at least
You would want less. More than 15 runs
You would like to. At least you are here when the first ball
May you get a big hit. get that six
If you go, then one in the next five balls
I need more shots, singles, doubles, now that target
Whatever you need will be accomplished.
The scoreboard has reached 48 with three wickets down.
At the loss of. The last over is going on
Of the innings.
And here comes the wicket. No to the umpire
which seemed to indicate that the bat might
It seems to be on the ground. There was definitely a sound. Us
The sound made it seem like it might be a wicket.
Can. But the umpire completely rejected it.
Gave. This appeal was further justified by the
That ball bat, probably that bat on the ground
There was sound. Absolutely.
par next four b remaining four balls left
the next four
Bowler umpire's decision is the final decision
Can't change it now and it's a waste of time
There is no need to do it because
If the umpire has given his decision then he
The last one may be on our front side.
Good opportunity, good fielding, see there
When you are not going to catch the ball, you should put your body under the ball.
Be sure to keep this in mind so that you don't reach a big score.
Go.
So far, seven runs have been scored in this over.
In three balls, the bowler will say somewhere
Somewhere a little comeback is necessary for this six
After.
Given the opportunity, the catch should be taken and it is easy too.
There will definitely be a catch here. So sixes
After this, two wickets have fallen here. One
I'm sorry wicket
Who
The new batsman will be Do Benga on strike.
Seven runs so far
Only seven runs in four balls so far.
Lock the door so no one gets up and leaves.
Get the DJ to understand the music even by mistake
Don't stop, whoever feels like it, go and call for battle.
Whoever doesn't want to dance can go and dance with his sister.
It's a stolen night, filled with the same stuff from yesterday.
Dance in the name of your family
last
Full delivery to the front
A huge gap because Joe from long off
He was a player, he was standing a little fine
almost to the front, which is why it
The extra covers created a big gap between them.
And if he succeeds in sending then 11 runs will be scored through fours.
And as I said, on the first ball
If a big shot comes then finish the over easily.
Can be increased so far 11 runs
last ball ball last ball of this over
And there was more than one yorker line.
I don't need very good fielding there.
I will definitely run out. I will definitely run out.
One run will come at the very end here, one run
The total score is 54 55 final
11 runs per over needed in five overs
What's the matter, this is just the beginning. this is
This is just the beginning.
Hey, the party has just begun.
The party is just getting started.
It is the beginning
Don't say anything later, I will give it to you in advance.
Warning party will run six in the
Dance to your heart's content in the morning, baby, dance!
Break the sandals, Aunty will call the police, friend.
Your handle will be able to continue dancing
He came quietly to the floor, loving his life.
Came to the floor and danced and sang, but the men showed no shame in dancing.
Michael Jackson's action for two days
We want to party, we want to party
We will do it, we will not be afraid of anyone else.
We stopped all the water and showed whose bomb
I have the power
is in the house
Earning is
Everyone sat down, everyone sat down
Your party continues
Is
I am a virgin, all the KKs sat down on me.
Our party is going on, some trouble has started.
I have placed my sister on the tip of my leg
The whole world is the whole world
Hey, the party has just begun
Hey, the party has just begun.
And whoever does not want to dance should go to his
Buffalo.
From here you need 55 runs i.e. 11 runs
per over
Required runs is 11
Not a little more, not a little, full 11 runs
You need to bowl every over to win this match.
For
The photographer is listening to my voice, please come.
go
Photographers for stage photos
The start of the second innings
I have started leaving the first ball with the bat
First wicket with the ball going in the air of the bat
the fall of
The first wicket fell here and the first
It is very difficult on the ball. of the first over
Getting a wicket in the first over and then making a comeback
It was a good ball. It was definitely small, maybe fast.
Went to kill. Due to this, what happened was that of the bat.
Flo arrived first. The ball came later
On the upper part of the bat. This causes the ball
It went too far in the air and it was not Dhoni.
Did you get the Dhoni you needed or the batsman you needed?
Wanted to have.
Bhaiya please a little batter from the mass
Reach the ground quickly. By your side
There is a lot of delay.
next time
Thank you DJ
Tej is running away, there is no player behind here.
Run fast and win what will happen
She will go towards the ball and beat the player there.
ball to do
I was on the on side, I got a little chance
I will tell the batsman there a little bit.
There was directionless bowling and they fell apart.
The batsman completely attacked that ball.
Because you know here that 11 runs per
Need an over. You should at least get one boundary.
Every over is needed to stay in the match
and when your first wicket falls in the match
If you go to the first ball then bowl this type of ball
You will have to punish even if you don't want to.
You will have to punish.
And another shot, one bounce towards long on
Another Shaka in back to back near the wicket
well here it seems like fast
You have come inside. No chance to recover
The batsman got it. They will get a single and a four.
After.
The bowler should be ready to take the next ball.
Fifth ball of the over.
The ball will be wide and some runs will also be scored.
You will find some wide runs here.
The scoreboard has already shown 11
you should want
It will become wide, it will become wide again
It will be wide and the score will reach 12 runs.
I still need two more balls in this over.
Yes, you need one more shot in these two balls.
When you get a chance, bowl the next over as well.
Some backup should be taken from there.
The ball was given a full toss and flew away.
It will go because when the ball goes straight then it
It will go away and the high that has gone up will be a little
The player gets a chance after being bounced.
So now the score is 16 runs and still
last ball remaining one ball remaining
last ball over number one for the first wicket
after
Here's another shot, another beautiful shot.
The pressure of the first wicket for four runs
Finished this over perfectly
Because I have earned it in the first over.
You need 20 runs now to win from here.
for 35 in the next 24 balls
If such an over comes next time, the match will be completely over.
It will end. These
We are almost at the very last stage of this.
After this there will be another match of three overs.
who will win this match
She will play the match.
The winners of our match number three
with
And here the catch is missed, this opportunity is very easy.
You have to create these opportunities here.
It went into the hands of the keeper but he made a mistake.
Power play going on there
next ball
bowler right over the wicket
I stopped myself a little bit in my run up.
It's okay if you feel the problem
If there is something like this, then stop yourself.
It's a small ball, I played it here.
It was a good thing to see that fielding was there.
That a fast shot has been taken from the body, meaning when the body ball
If it comes below then it will stop from there.
will not travel to the boundary when
The ball will move and here it will be a leg bye.
Does not run as. wanted a big shot
Here the ball bounces after rotating completely.
He tightened it a bit and rather put the ball down.
Due to which there was no connection with the bat. If
If there was a connection, perhaps you would have made a big impact here too.
Could see the shot.
They are continuously attacking here. Continuous
Captain is absolutely for such a team
If I bowl a full toss once, will it go out?
If it doesn't bounce at all, it's in his hands.
I must be there, it seems I missed it a lot.
Looks like I missed the shot here.
I am feeling a little bit sad, a little bit
That's where it was missed
If we get one run tomorrow, that's enough.
A good over was completed, what was the need for this?
If we still talk about this over
Maybe the over is over
End of number two score now 23 one Joe
Requires one run above that now 18
32 runs in 1 over
You here
Whoever wins will directly qualify for tomorrow's
Whoever loses will advance to the quarter-finals.
The winner of the third match will play against the team there too.
You will have a chance to clear the next round.
To do.
32 runs at the start of the third over.
There is need.
After that
He played it through the leg stump.
field the ball in front of square leg
One run will be scored easily
24 runs - 31 runs are all you need in the last over.
Runs came and that's why the score was so high
Had he reached there, the runs would have been stopped.
Then we would have been very close to victory.
Front Kira Shot One Bounce Straight as an Arrow
No fielder had an answer to that shot.
to stop this
It was an over delivery, this was a safe area for this shot.
For
What a great cover it was, 28 runs
And here it was a full toss ball. play in front
If I had gone, I might have been successful. No Full Toss
If you go to play the ball in this manner, you will get a big
It will be difficult. Stay and get wickets.
I miss you.
I hug you, I hug you, I have made you in my heart
I will hide it, come to me, come to me
In meetings, in dark nights, only talks
I gave my heart to things
I was entangled in your words
I lost my heart just sitting there
I got so entangled in your words while sitting
I sat and lost my heart
from the heart
After the wicket, this is also almost the same delivery.
It was exactly the same delivery because this time
The batsman tried to play it down the ground.
which led to contact with the bat and match
I am coming to life because the last 12 balls
I need 27 off 14 balls
And here's another miss trying to keep going.
Are. Good line, this line of length, I
I attack continuously. This line of length
Also, help the batsman to hit the shot with his skill.
Will be.
Ready for the next ball.
Jigsaw shot. Has it been cleared? Absolutely
It has been cleared here. and a six
I put my heart and soul into this match because from here onwards
You need the next
21 runs in 13 balls. Exactly the next 12
You need 21 runs in 10 balls. That is, the same 11
Runs per over is what you need. right now
You are riding in the same car. and in this over
A little more runs will be needed. Because
11-12 runs in the last over will be a bit difficult.
goes. At least 15 runs to be scored from here
The batsmen will try to
Score now is at the start of the fourth over
34 Pay to
Wicket. Went outside to play ball. wide ball
Went to play.
Some sweet words, some false promises, time
I want to steal the heart from the nights
I will punish you and hold you close to my heart and come
I hug you, I hug you, my heart has made you a dream
I will keep you hidden, come to me, come to me
In two meetings, only talks in the dark nights
Gave my heart to things
Live carefully in your words
I lost my heart just sitting there
In your words it is
I lost my heart just by sitting
Now
He took a wicket on the first ball of the fourth over and
Now it is ready again, still needed here
You need 21 runs in 11 balls to win.
There will definitely be some pressure on the new batsman.
And making Om the player in the field of covers
It exists because there is no need for it.
The player came from extra cover and bowled him.
He took the field and stopped one run and was run-less.
10 B 30 runs are required i.e. on every ball
You need two runs from here.
Gave the gift of full toss here. Hey Ball Pe
So you wanted two. Runs from the next two balls
Took it out. Now you need the next nine balls.
14 runs on. This is a full toss ball. made easy
This shot to the batsman.
NK Captain Team Registration Here
Please get it done. It will become wide. Be Wide
Will go here and meet both the birds. This
The batsman did not make any mistake. Before this
The batsman made a mistake. 16 close to food off
to the ball on the side of the stump and the bat
A ball taken from the outside edge straight into the keeper's hands
Captain of the forest, if you're listening to me.
Another full toss. one more shot.
A.O.N.
NK If the captain listens to me
Please register here
Your team is left out of Group C
For registration
Change of pace here, off stump
Umpire signals wide outside off
six want you're giving you a shot
Six and the match is over.
And what ended up here at all
He ended the match with himself.
What a shot, what a life in this shot and till now
The hottest shot of the day yet
K Captain, next match is of same half over
Captain toss this game match
Glow Chalk
sexy lady
Come on shine, come shy, come and dance, be mine
O come, eyes of my eyes
Of
sexy lady
Let's shine
You let my shine
Hero of
take me
sexy lady
shine shine
Secure now, captain should come for the toss.
please here
Secure na, are you listening to my voice?
Bean Team
They lost the toss and now they have a chance.
Batting score nine
Secure Now won the toss and elected to field first
decided
Equal
I request the fielding team to field early
This is the last match of this group, this match
Whoever wins will directly qualify.
The next round is the quarter finals.
For.
Team over the match.
Umpire sir, please reach the ground.
The teams have arrived, the batsmen have arrived.
Umpire Ahmed.
Umpire Sir
Ahmed please the teams have arrived
It is a three over match, the match is scheduled, the toss is won
Is
Security has and is bowling
Security Now Secure Now Secure
Now I'm sorry, I'm sorry, secure, now I win the
Toss decided to bowl first
This match of three overs, first ball
The first ball starts with a dot.
The dot ball has started.
It seemed that perhaps winning the toss was not secure.
would like to bat first because often
Teams now because the ground is not wet
issue and there is nothing of this kind there
The atmosphere at the moment
And you made a big shot, what did you get?
Maximum maximum then one will not be available
The bounce will definitely go outside the boundary line.
Get the big shot you need here
It has happened to you.
Ready to bowl again with the next ball
Changed the pace over the wicket here
But the batsman had already read it and was ready.
were for this shot and ball
Somewhere the batsmen must have understood now.
that the change in speed is the change in pace
Let's change it there
I came on the line of the ball and gave it some time.
The time he took was beneficial to him.
Happened to the big shot
Two openers bat at the crease
It will be wide in the center. It will be wide.
It will go completely wide of the leg stump.
He was outside the square, the boss was clearly visible.
Diya bowler in here
Somewhere I wanted to bat.
As far as if he wins the toss
But no one can toss it here and now.
Will win will prefer to bat first.
Remove that pressure from yourself.
would like to
And here
Secure Now made a different decision.
Elect to field and still 12 runs
He has already conceded two runs in his first over.
Ben is still remaining.
another front side it probably stopped
Will go. You will get exactly one run here.
Pay. Back up and here it is now
There has been a little misfielding.
The score reached 13 runs. At least 40
Need runs. 40 runs needed in three overs in this match
Because 3035 runs were scored easily
Will go within three overs.
101 is all you need to save a match and that's it.
The effort is in the hands of the batsmen here.
Put the butt back deep in the present one over
The power play is over here.
Now you can place five players outside the circle.
There are 1 bowler for the last 12 balls and one
can bowl over
Start of the second over
bowler
Big six welcomed mid wicket
from the area of
There was both small ball and time in this big ball.
for the shot
The decision to bowl is up in the air after the tea break.
There is no one more and the players too
But will definitely reach
As long as you field the ball, you can easily get two runs.
Also, the score in three overs is outside
reaching towards
over the wicket
If you need four inside, then three inside becomes nine balls.
Brother, the captain can talk. Captain Baat
Can do. What has happened? Captain, talk
Used to be.
You need four players inside. If there are three
There will be a no ball.
Still waiting for the final decision
What has been taken?
A little confusion here between the two umpires
Now let's discuss a little bit that those four were outside.
Or there were three inside.
Here you will find the number being discussed here.
Pay
They would very much like to know what the government is doing.
Yes
It was a no ball because you were on the on side.
Six fielders, these are some standard things.
Like base height no ball in cricket
Standard organizers in this you do not
I will tell you. Let me talk about another thing, bounce it.
Bounce is allowed. He is also not an organizer.
Will tell you as a standard. So such a
The standard rule is that a six is ​​bowled on the on side.
If there is a fielder then you have to do that. if he
No, it will not happen, the organizer has done it himself.
Then he will tell you. Currently you are standard
They will follow the rules and bowl a no ball.
Sometimes what happens is three bounces are gone.
Yes, but you will give a no ball on the third ball.
The organizer will explain what it is there.
It is applicable. But you follow the standard rules
We will give the first decision accordingly. and decision
The change will happen when the organizer talks to you.
No, this is written in our rules.
You will go to the standard rule.
So some standard things of cricket were created.
it occurs. She teases the organizers
Does. He will tell you what he thinks about that decision.
You can change it later. and a little
And I would like to say that for umpiring
A decision can be taken as long as
The bowler does not come on the next run up. Run Up
But the decision will not change as soon as it comes. from him
Right to change first umpire decision
Keeps it.
And here he has played a full shot. Player
Now there is also a decision of one out in that
If I bowled the ball, did it go behind?
I didn't realise but the bowler was not on his run up.
Has arrived. It's been a while, please appeal later.
If it has been done then the umpire's decision is valid there.
will be. He can give out because the bowler is
Did not reach up. on the run up
Automatically previous case dead. after that no one
There is no hearing. So these are some small things
This is cricket and here a wide has been given.
So
The umpire has full authority to decide
until the bowler takes the next run
I am not ready till then.
Coming to the match now, 26 runs have been scored.
Are. It's the last ball of this over and the last ball.
will end with a six.
It will end with a six and the score will be
Will reach 32 after two overs.
Exactly 32 last touches
Number 1 has already become 32 from here.
10-12 runs are needed, these runs will be scored from here.
In this over, they will decide the winner and loser.
Victory and defeat will be decided from here
The runs scored in this over will be the winning ones.
Runs will be scored here, these extra runs will be scored
In this last over and from here you have to try
What needs to be done is to keep it below 40. i.e
That eight to seven runs should be given and somewhere 10 to 12 runs should come.
If you go, the match will shift a little.
He will go here to the batting side. it
Over is very important. Perspectives on this match
and dealt a crushing blow to defeat
On the first ball. in the area of ​​​​the cover
The ball definitely came in a little after landing.
But he was ready. The batsman was ready for the shot
For already.
Om
Next ball of this over
Umpire signals wide
The score is 36
The first ball was hit for a four with a wide.
Second ball: Five runs in one ball.
This time too bad
There is definitely a player behind there.
I missed the direction of the ball there.
You have done it completely and you will get more benefits here.
But the batting team will score 41
You have to score nine extra runs.
As for what you are giving from here
Giving away very easy runs, two runs should be saved.
could have easily hit the ball
I could not chase the line of
Dot ball here it is a good ball
One more ball here, should have bowled this earlier
This should probably have been done earlier and runs here
wanted to take
Retired ad has been done for the last two balls
For. The next batsman is at the centre of the cricket field.
Coming.
The next batsman is new for the last two balls.
Batsman here
There is a chance of a wicket in the air.
Too many dot balls, that'll be two for two.
A little bit difficult here
If one shot is hit in 18 balls, then one
shot so you can say that whatever ratio will be
Winning 80 of 20 because in 18 balls
41 runs
It is not that easy to score 48 or 50 runs.
You need an extra ordinary batting
There was an attempt here, but the attempt failed.
will remain
The over will be over and number three score now is
At 42
You need 43 runs to win.
Win the match, win the match
sexy lady
Let's shine
come on come on
O!
Lyrics
My love, someone said my heart and took it away
Someone took away my heart and I became green
What has happened, hi Jai Gora Gora Munda
Which Hi Juliet, your Hi Juliet
Tera Bhai Nahi Lag Hi Juliet Menu Shay
does not seem
Menu
sound
You should sleep late on Roti Road today.
turn
Hi Jay
Victory
Let's talk about the score on the last ball of the third over.
So four wickets fell for 16 runs here.
Good yorker ball, stepped out here
But Chahal Gadhvi was doing a little bit of this shot.
butt for
The ball was thrown into the root, due to which
This batsman did not get the valuation he deserved
Wanted the hand of number three right now
Score now 70 loss of four wickets
H.R. 26
9719 9719 Whoever the owner of the vehicle may be
arrive at the parking lot
Car owner 9719
Taking the next ball, right arm slightly over the wicket
It was definitely a little short because the wicket had fallen.
now so now
There was a need to appeal to the umpire but
The umpire completely rejected it here.
Pay Score Still
Loss of four wickets at the start of the fourth over
Hui right arm over the wicket
I definitely did. The player is there behind
In the deep. You have more than one chance
It won't happen and somewhere you're a big shot
Will have to see. The time has come for the big shots to butt
The wickets have arrived.
The batting side will have to charge a bit.
Tried it, the player is present here. One
Not much of a chance. Both would like it. Deep
The ball has gone in. One maybe even in the throws
It will become yours. The first run was enough for him.
Gotta take it fast. will have to put pressure on
here
Because there is a very big boundary. that side
If I talk to him, then there is no time to throw him from there.
It will take time. Currently ready with the fourth ball
He is a bowler.
Very good bowling going on. that speed
They are not giving. The speed needed
To the batsman.
The more speed you give, the faster the shot will be.
Rotate and then it will become easier. So that speed
If you are not giving and will not give speed then in the
It will go more and there will be a chance to get a wicket.
of you
Here, there is a strong appeal here.
The keeper was confident and the bowler did not even notice it.
guess
The last ball will be the last ball of the fourth over.
20 for four
After this, the last six ben will remain i.e. one
will remain over
Try to score as many runs as possible
Time will tell for the batsmen.
Bowler ready to bowl the last ball, right arm over
The Wicket
The height is in the air, the height has been achieved, the distance
No fault in the team
Another wicket at deep mid-wicket, wicket no.
five falling apart
The over is over here now.
Last over left Last over innings first
Five overs starting here
The over has started. No ball right
Arm over the wicket to the batsman again away
Tried to play from here and gave out
The umpire gave out the off side.
go for charity
Who
will do it all your life
America stands
The sixth wicket fell here, the fifth
Wanted a big shot on the first ball of the over and
Whatever way you need it
I want a shot to hit the ball outside off
The heavy part of the bat hit the keeper straight into his hands.
The keeper was very cautious and was able to catch the ball.
The reflector also showed that the ball was somewhere
Something or the other happened with the bat because suddenly
His direction changed, good bowling here.
If he is getting out after leaving the wicket
If it is before the wicket, it will not be called wide.
If there is a blow, it will be declared wide.
The umpire might have given this to his fellow player.
The batsman who nausa might have talked to them
Well, not a full toss this time.
The player is present in the cover. running a run
I'd like to go a little bit hard here
Pay. At present
Single on the third ball, last three balls left.
The score is 21 for six.
The bowler is ready once again.
One bounce two bounce in the air facing forward
Taking two is a little difficult here and
Catching a good throw, he threw it straight there.
I did not leave any scope for two runs.
over there
After 4.4 overs score now is 22 for six
It will become wide, it will become wide, yes, absolutely
Outside the leg stump. left over from these things
That you have bowled a good over. one run each
Yes, you can save them, they should be saved.
Last two balls remaining of this over.
The pressure is somewhere on the batsman.
It will be up here.
I bowled a full toss once but the timing was good.
It did not happen.
A little bit difficult second run at all
A very fast player catches the throw from there
Directly into the bowler's hands, lightly
If there is a possibility, then it should be ended there.
Last ball: Last ball of the fifth over, batsman
Ready
Dot balls will result in byes.
It will run here, maybe you can keep it with you
Had he taken it, perhaps the runs would not have been scored and now only the remaining runs are saved.
What when the bird hid the field was quite disappointed
That one run that could have been saved.
Perhaps this thing was not needed. Currently and
Of over five score now is 20 five pay
Six. 26 runs to win in this match.
it became like
my wine doti
your
Become my life
Is
My
Today
Becoming a peahen, becoming a peahen today
Becoming a peacock Becoming a peacock
Wali
Lai
You are my silence
World
I will keep the world away from you
I hug
from Punjab beans
With the first bot ball
Chota ball pull kiya hai yahan pe
good fielding
Om
And
Two runs have been scored in four overs. This is quite slow
Match: 24 runs needed in 26 balls.
outside the white back
Wide here, another wide, good over go
There were not many runs scored here, four
Four runs needed in four balls
You get 22 runs
Jaikar is going to hit big in this over
Got a very small ball and it was good.
Fielding directly next to the player
If it had been a little to the left, there might have been a chance.
Here the raid is conducted by selecting the player.
There's a player there.
And now a little for the left-hander
Sa changed in fielder
And on the on side, the head of the fine leg player
Talk about the shot that will get a four over the top
Finally, he reached the score on the last ball.
Nine runs now you need 17
ready once again
Here the umpire will signal wide.
Another wide, another wide ball here.
It seems that neither fights nor matches are over.
11 runs in 15 overs and 24 balls remaining
Right now I haven't got Paresh shots like continuously
This time I didn't hit a six but I definitely hit a four.
are staying here
4 to extra cover 11
You need runs
11 runs needed
full shot
Is
And maybe there will be a run out here.
There was no such thing
It was directly in the hands and slightly to the left side
Then you have a chance straight away, right?
were beaten in the hands
Both the teams of the next match will toss here.
come to me for
on and
Sala Sir
Both of you come to me for the captain's toss.
Please for the next match
And another shot, player present here, one run
You will get nine.
You need 10 runs. 10 more runs needed in this match
In. Can we call this the last over?
Both the batsmen are trying continuously.
I missed it here, I missed it completely.
From
The effort here is to score runs quickly.
try your best
Today
Shab
And here
18 b You need eight runs.
There has been an appeal for a wide call there.
umpire's
Is done. No players are present.
Three runs from one bounce to bounce boundary
You need three runs.
There is no survivor, the one with the wrong number is wrong.
Number
There's a slight chance I'd like to go for a run
Because you won't get a run in the deep
Two runs needed. Two runs needed.
It takes a lot of time to score two runs here.
But now
It seems like such a match will be played in three overs.
should have ended
It took a lot of time here in two and a half overs and
still on one run
The next match will be a tough one for you here.
It was a chance to open my hands. One run needed to win
That's all you need.
The match will end here.
Don't break your heart, my heart is telling me to Seria
He is left for lunch, he has lunch at five to six.
Later up will be this lunch area and for
Both should arrive and come for batting
Both batsmen
Batting side please please your batsman
Have arrived for fielding.
brother's mine
Brother
you make me
Mumbai Wale Guy
Let us go
Take a ride in my name
that means
I mean I need to come on
Take
la
lying in
Now!
got drunk
The match is scheduled
The match is scheduled The match is scheduled
I
match and I will schedule it from here
The second match started with the toss won by
Decided to bowl first and how much
The toss will be a big surprise decision today.
that if I talk, I get to see
are because
Put it in the gap. put it right here
Pay. You will get a four.
You will get a four here.
Perfectly in fielding on the very first shot
A different atmosphere has been created. Two players to you
Need it inside. I'm sorry, seven players.
You will get another run here.
Wanted to cut the next ball completely
Dot ball missed the line of the ball
Sun brother, please update the score board.
Board
No
And here's another dot ball back here.
back dot ball here
The bowler made a good comeback after this boundary.
Is
There are more dot balls here.
Once the bat was heavy outside third man
The player present will make a back catch
To stop the shot. One more run added
Will go. Six runs in five balls.
Last time this over Over number First score
Now six. And finish the first over with a six.
It will end. End of Number One Score
Now six without loss.
of today
This is a Group C match.
Bowler on his run mark
So it went quite well, only six runs were scored.
Are. The second over begins. Right
Arm over the wicket.
There was a sharp blow towards the front. power play
So the player who is moving, he is 30 circles
will be inside and here because the bat is missed
Was. The bat was dropped, resulting in this run out.
It's done. Because if I had the bat in my hand
Then maybe we would have gotten inside. The bat is stuck there
I missed it. And there was enough time for that run out.
For. Because the ball was travelling
She was staying inside the Chhatiya circle.
If you are inside the circle for a moment,
If you go, your wicket is sure to fall.
Out as you close for a single
go to
And a big shot right here between the wickets
Came from around.
forward to the ball in your follow through
Will field any opportunity to score runs
No, both batsmen have good
Bowling here so far in three balls
No runs
And a wicket in the form of a run out in this over.
In
There's a chance in the air, there's a player down there
It has arrived, there will be no mistake, wicket number
Second wicket of this over Second wicket of this over
Went here to play a big shot, height is high
I did not get the distance I needed and
The player who was present at mid-off was absolutely
Eyes on the ball even for a moment
It was not removed from the ball and it was very easy
If I talk about catch high catch then it is so much
It is not as easy as it looks because
All coordination is done by the eye, if the eye is
If you lose your sight even a little, you will be caught.
difficult
Now the next batsman has gone to the centre.
bowler to take the next ball
Cut is made, player is present there
No chance of more than one run on point for both
What overs have the batsmen had depends on this
If I talk about the left over then only
A little pressure from the player in front and
No chance at all for two. Fast enough.
throw here
Let's get the facts straight to the player.
Is the possibility over? Have you retired or
Then we will change the batch, maybe we are changing the bat.
Are. Absolutely changing the bat here.
You now have 11 left.
Let's see how many runs he can score in 11 balls.
The team will be able to score more runs. Because
Bowling has asked a lot of questions. out
Off syllabus questions have been asked.
It has been cut.
The ball will spin there, I want two
No chance.
Tata Punch vehicle number 7386
7386 If Tata Punch Please Parking Me
Reached.
is in the air. There is no chance of a catch. One
You don't have much chance of scoring runs there either.
will get. So for now the car moves ahead with A-A.
The rising batting of the team here
There are a few crosses standing. On Side Pay
Likes to play. But because the ball also
Should come on the on side. The most so far
The team that impresses is bowling
I think it is from the fielding side.
What are these guys bowling, one line?
No changes with off length
And what a wicket here, it's a wicket at all
The wicket is there, it has given support, no no
I didn't tell you, maybe it's on top, not at all.
hinted that perhaps from the top of the gloves
around the shoulder
a little bit down
Look how much consistency this is.
Look in the air as I was saying if
If it doesn't connect, it will go into the air.
Because you cannot hit the ball from the good length area.
Can't hit outside on the front side either
Maybe a little short and tall for him
Also, a little bit of it should be on your chest line.
And as the ball rises, it will go straight to you.
The upper part of the bat will feel approximately just
The trigger is triggered and the ball will go into the air.
constantly talking about the fact that if
Even if the connection is made, the ball is in the air.
will travel and end number four score
now is 44
Opportunity for a run out here, be a little careful.
I did it, there was a little fumble here.
Good effort, last over in progress, 15 runs scored.
for the loss of four wickets
last five bs remaining last five bs remaining
More effort should be made here
Needed
But I will praise the bowlers one line.
With an off length delivery. Not at all in that area
See more success in Success has also been achieved
There in that area. look at this look at this
You look at the bowling. same line same
Tappa and same length. And continuously on it 30
to put in. 30 is not there. Firstly
There are almost 26 bays but that area is continuously
Targeting. Whichever bowler bowled
I have to admit that this team deserves praise.
Of the bowlers.
This time I changed the pace.
There was a slight change, but in the speed.
Changes were made due to which elevation was not
found. So
There is also variety with line up length and
The bowlers also have a mix. Now the last
Two bets are left.
last two balls left for this
This Inning Inning Number First Match Number
Second for Group C
And here the gap, good fielding here like this
I felt it would come out in the gap after a long time.
I wouldn't say three runs for the team, but two runs for the team.
Two runs safe for his team here
for here because if it had gone out then this
It won't take less than a four. 18 runs scored
Are. 18
Two balls of the fifth over are left from here. Now
18 runs have been scored.
ball
Maybe they were not ready. Absolutely.
last two sessions last two for this
Inning Inning Number First
You have more than one stroll
No chance
Come on, what is the need because there are extra runs
And look here, the one he is talking about is
I had to give it to you, keep it in your hands
Should have taken it and it is a fight for every run
here because maybe some of you
Like if this team also has a bowler then he
You will also make it difficult just like you people
Are doing. So every run is very precious.
Here. You have to understand that every run matters.
price
There has definitely been a fumble. wisdom here
Showed that I am not in too much hurry.
Currently end of number five score 21 to four
22 wins in 30 balls.
HR 55 N
98 of Rt.
Parking wherever the HR 55 driver is
please meet me
He has hit the first ball hard.
Has struck. Open the innings with a single run
Took account of the team. Now you need 29 balls.
21 runs in.
Will it be wide? It was completely out of the box.
The umpire said it on both sides there.
front side
Not one bounce, definitely a hint of a six.
maybe four
Yes, the umpire reversed his decision.
It has been completely reversed there because
They had no idea from here at all.
But here directly in the hands
And what did the ball fall between?
I will roam here, would you like to go at all?
No, both batsmen in the same year
Seven runs in four balls, 15 runs needed, is this
Some balls and walking
Take a beautiful shot
Where did he take the shot from when he was in the middle?
It did not happen, it is stuck at the bottom but
He turned his wrist so fast that
cleared the ground
Nine runs needed
Maybe the first over ends here.
Speaking of the exact score, 13 runs, nine runs.
Needed It seems like marriage is the last over
will be.
The team whose first match is next match
Please captain of the team that lost the first match
Ready arrives at the ground with his team.
Your toss will directly start the match.
three-over match
And here you will get another six.
One shot away you need three runs and this
The match is about to end
Be ready, you will face a fight
Almost certain to say it's with Avon
Because three runs are needed and there is still one ball left.
also 23 so from here the miraculous can happen and
Miracle
will also need a miracle because
Three runs in that it is not a four on the wide side.
This match will end with.
Both the captain and the team should reach this AC.
Go inside mid-peak and reach with the captain's team.
Go. You can start from there by tossing it.
Will take the match.
S is right here, Captain.
S One
NK captain is also on the ground for the toss.
For. Please arrive the captain of AS.
Team Le Team Almost Reach
Three-over match
Make it a three over match, these two captains
are on the wicket
Let the fielder reach the batsman.
Send your batsman
Mother
World
your
The darling of your heart has gone mad after killing me
Come once, come come, come
Come once, come come, come come
does
Ann Captain please send your batsman
Waiting is going on.
Both batsmen please reach the ground
Go.
It all started here with the first ball.
wicket wicket here
Of
in the first over here
The scoreboard should be updated a bit.
It's about to come on full screen.
The next batsman is at the centre of the wicket.
wicket wicket wicket
One Bounce
It seemed for a time that something like this would happen, but
At the moment you got a four after the wicket.
Five runs scored in five balls.
The bowler is in the air ready to take the next ball.
The player is down at wicket number two and here
If you miss, you will get a four wherever you go.
He gave away a four where he would have liked to get a wicket.
It was a very good catch, it took some time but
I was a little late, it felt like I was late there.
The first over seemed to be going quite well.
I thought it would end. here
He gets nine runs in four to five runs or six runs.
He took it to the pavilion and also took a wicket. success as well
It slipped from my hand there.
The small ball was rounded and accelerated forward.
Two players coming under the ball from a
You will get the run out here.
Now!
Bad ball too wide outside left.
the support of the umpire
See when the wicket
I should have met you there, I got hurt on my feet
He is back but now the umpire has confirmed this.
will do us
Yes, of course, love, but in the form of a leg bye.
I don't have any runs, don't waste your energy.
Because you have runs in the form of leg bye
You will run and you will be run
please allow
Missed the chance here, run out here.
I missed it here.
Completely missed it.
This time the player is down in the air on four counts
Are. There will be no mistake. Wicket number
Third. Sorry, I apologize. Wicket number
It is seconds because he dropped the catch. So
Wicket number two has fallen here.
But only 11 runs were scored in the second over.
Two wickets have fallen with the score at 11 runs and
Now two balls are left in this over, after this the last one
Chongi
An appeal has been made. The appeal has been denied here.
Has given. It will probably be here
No, there's a ball right now. One ball remaining. One
Balls remaining here: Last ball of the second over.
It is a full toss ball, the player reaches here.
will get one run and number two score now
12 Loss of two wickets in the last over
Match of the evening of the first innings
The captain started the match a little too early.
Will lead to the end.
This is the last over.
This will be the third match of this group. last
Last 18 balls score is still 12 runs
How many runs are scored at the moment in run off balls?
Only 12 runs were scored in 12 balls.
And how many runs will the team go on to score in the last over?
And what a bat it is
This tells us the speed at which the bat is hit.
The field from which the ball has gone is fine leg.
She has gone out of the boundary, she has made it clear
Given that it is absolutely batted because if
If some part of the body is felt, it will move so fast
If she doesn't travel, she'll hit a four on the first ball.
It's here, is it a big over?
From here because if a four is hit on the first ball
Even if it's a single, it's still a nine-run over.
will go
The player came down or moved forward in the air
Has gone. Correct. At one time it seemed that
I had reached ahead but when I looked at the ball
He came in behind and took a good catch.
It was definitely a four. return after that
Bowled from here and now the next batsman
The new batsman will be at the centre of the wicket.
Next ball: Third ball of the over. made the room
had created enough room for himself so that the ball
Went away. The bowler had seen this
So he kept it a little further away from there so that he
Don't go into the ball's range, don't go for the shot.
Whatever they want. Currently three balls have been bowled.
Is. Three balls remaining, score 16 runs
Will follow it completely. This is not necessary. These
There is no need here. Absolutely. batsman
It hasn't even moved. Small mistakes team
I don't understand at all because when
Mistakes are made when the margin is a couple of runs.
is revealed. The batsman did not even move
Is. You don't even need to throw.
You catch it and give it straight to the bowler.
By doing all this because somewhere or the other, if
If you are stuck with just a few runs then this run
It proves to be very painful. When your losing
It should be done by one or two runs. So it remains that
Perhaps this thing would not have happened.
It is going towards third man. heavy bat
I wanted to play a running shot.
This will be the last ball of this over. Six runs so far
From this over. The score reached 18 runs.
last ball
on the last ball
I missed you, I missed you so I want to go
It will be a little difficult there.
It will be difficult, the run out will be the last one.
19 runs have been scored on the ball, you need 20 runs.
in 18 balls
20 runs needed in 18 balls, it seems
It doesn't seem like the match will go till three overs. one or
Looks like it's over in two overs
The match will go.
20 runs needed.
There is a chance. If you win this match,
You will get a chance.
The fifth match will be the last match of this group.
If you win there then
Direct qualification to the quarter-finals tomorrow
For.
Because the next match is both winning
from teams.
The next match is between the two winning teams.
Whoever wins will directly qualify.
The next round will be the quarter finals.
and whoever loses
He will play the fourth match i.e. the fifth match.
of the group and that will be
The decider will be those three-over matches.
Special
You need 21000
20 runs needed in 18 balls in this match
In
If the batsmen go then maybe it will be 10 or nine.
You can take the ball game from here
And here's the player who was stopped.
There should have been a good fielding catch there.
The shot was quite powerful on the first ball.
But the only fielder standing on the on side
straight into his hands
This is bad bowling.
Many umpires
You will definitely get good runs but it will be difficult to hit a four.
The way it should have been
Hello Hello
Due to some technical problem, we had some
There was a delay in the commentary once again.
I will join and after joining if
If we talk about it, the toss was won
and decided to field and what
It was his decision to field because the second
The over is in progress, only two wickets have fallen.
Seven runs have been conceded
You have spent only seven runs.
is in the air. Will it clear it or
Will the player come down? It will clear it.
It will clear it easily. So six
I have met you here after a long time. Enough
Six runs after time.
The score reached 13 runs for two wickets.
At a loss. A six was needed. full need
The batting team had to be
Line straightening
end of number
Score 13 for loss of two wickets
The bowler is ready to bowl the next ball. Right arm over
The wicket almost shocker line one run mile two
A little bit harder
Complete a run here with ease
and both the teams will play their one match each
Victory has arrived and now
Whoever wins this match will directly qualify.
will go to the quarter finals tomorrow
for the competition
And the losing team will get a chance once.
He again got a chance to play the third match.
will get
Which has come after winning the match of three overs each.
steam
This time too he went to the body to take a run.
There will be no chance, no chance
You will get it with you
Thank you
The turn of the bat came and the umpire supported it.
expressed here
Happiness, happiness, happiness, happiness, this is my happiness
Listen to my happiness, my peace
Any
Take
Om
The ball got docked and landed down here.
Another dot ball here.
O wicket, the wicket has fallen here as a wide.
It seems like they wanted to be taken
It will be wide and it collided with the wickets here.
But this has to happen, that's why he sings
Batsmen should talk about the score in three overs
So 15 runs for the loss of four wickets
Next ball here full toss player in the air
Nice try coming down, very beautiful
Try there and you will fail
Even if you fail, one run is still good.
You will get the full marks of your attempt here.
16 runs for the loss of four wickets in the fourth over.
Used to be
And here Krupa is ready to take the next ball.
16 runs have been scored. four wickets
It will clear it. This will clear it.
It will clear it easily. The last run comes
I am getting very important runs
Here. Now
Singles can be easily scored here.
23 runs will be reached, a slight jump in the score
He has come here for the loss of four wickets.
Ben is left in this over
Bowler right wicket with the next ball
There is more than one player on the on-side
You definitely have more than one chance.
No end of over number four score now is 24
Two four last six bets left here last
six ben
The bowler is ready to take the last over and take four wickets.
Have fallen. Try player is down.
The player is down but the catch will be difficult.
Probably should have come to mid-wicket.
OK, one run is scored.
5 by 25 One run on first
Another but was not as confident but
I did not believe in this appeal.
The batsman is ready once again
Another dot ball here, another dot ball here
Last three balls score 25 runs for four wickets
at a loss
This will become no. This will become no. Absolutely
The umpire has signaled a no ball.
over there.
Perhaps this ball was not needed here.
Maybe this ball was not needed because you
Sitting on the driving seat. drive the game
Are doing. One wrong gear and your speed
Yes, it will decrease. towards this victory that you
are increasing because
If you lose, you will have to play another match.
The next match will be of three overs.
It's a risky match but only three overs.
If you have met me there then I will win this match.
That you can directly confirm your seat in the quarter
Got a chance for the final at 27 runs
The team is stopped, two benches are left.
bowl extra balls
The player is playing in the air
Here it seemed that I made a mistake because ball ball
Was at a height. The catch should have gone to them
Because whatever happens next will depend on your words.
It will bounce. But praised a lot
Whether the player stops the ball in time
I gave it there.
Two runs will be scored here. with ease
End five scores 34. You need 31 to win.
Run
The fourth one has started here.
Starting off here with a four.
You need 27 runs on the first ball to win.
next ball
front side
One run will be scored. You will get one more run.
Dot balls are good bowling here.
Here's where I praised it last time.
because the same line in the same direction and
Bowls with runs. 30 consecutive
Ben was bowled in the first match. Is it here too
Will he be able to do it? Because the target now is
It is very little. So good pick here.
Fielding will take place here also. No idea
You will be able to apply bounce here. You will get a four
To you.
You will get a four.
front side
You will get wickets here.
two bottles of wine
gave me alcohol
Of
Here the player pulls the body
The ball has been stopped. That was a good shot there
power play
The last over is over and 10 runs have been scored.
Let's talk about the first over and now the last one.
You need 21 runs in the power play over.
Bowler ready again round the wicket here
But put the same line in the gap this time.
The ball will go outside the boundary line
You will get four runs
The score is 15, 15 runs, almost half a run more
You need it. These half runs and you need. Now
Push it gently
One more run will be added.
Heading towards the boundary. will be stopped
Runs will come there in the form of byes. Bai's
Runs will come here in the form.
I have cut it, this time too it will come out in the gap
It will give you four runs.
Now you need 10 runs. 10 runs
You need it. It is the last ball of the power play.
Will take singles with light hands. strike
I will keep the batsman with me here. nine runs
You need it. This might be the last one with such an over.
Over. Now the third over.
Now you only need nine runs.
You need nine runs.
The shot is hit and will miss on the on side. Miss
It will happen and you will be given four runs.
There's a chance in the air, there's a chance here
Here one more miss will happen after giving a four
Now you just need one run.
just one run
It has been pushed with light hands. Look
The match will be over. The match will be
Ends here.
My
Killed.
The next teams arrive for the toss.
Please come. Please kill the opponent team.
A three-over match. Make it a three-over match.
remained
My Love Superstar My Love Superstar
I became his life, my true superstar
It has become like theft, whether you commit theft or not
It felt like I should do it, I should do it, on this pretext
But by doing the heart
lace
took the heart out
Meaningful scene in Punjabi meaning in fields
I want a branded one.
Needed
Electricity Electricity
let it be
I am
I
I am cube cube cube cube cube, your cube cube cube cube cube
k ren cube cube cube cube cube k
Chehra Mera Dil Ye Dhak Dhak Dhadke Re Dil Ye
thump thump thump
Come
Address
Is
Yours and mine meet
Oh my
Without you
Baby is your animal
[ __ ]
Marya
Of
by opening
My
your
I came killing you
Your love has come
Equal
Wicket, wicket, wicket on the first ball, wicket on the first ball
Ball on wicket for the first time
So two wickets have come back to back in balls.
And
A little time delay here
wicket number two wicket number three three overs
Three wickets in the first over of the match
If we
Hey we
Seeing you, I feel proud that I am present everywhere
No witnesses were seen later.
I am included by your order
Wicket number four, wicket number four, same over
Four wickets in a single over
So commit crimes, the heart will be able to handle the incidents
What is this problem, it is full of water somehow
She goes
The unmatched one who goes to my home in my heart
I couldn't bow down to anyone, so the memories are from my face.
falls into
Some people are crazy about your earrings and your kajal.
Do you want to say that from the heart too, I am your hair
This is not right for you, this is illegitimate
It is fair to me, so perhaps it is my right
Jani, you have found
I am injured, hey we
You here
Back to back wickets have fallen and runs are yours.
Three threes in the first over
It is a competition of overs.
She has gone but she has gone and will leave after giving four rupees.
To you
These are prepared from the rest once
It was a full toss, probably because it stayed a little low.
I don't drop the no ball, absolutely, absolutely
It has gone down on the side because the ball that was played
If I have played a little forward then somewhere
It would have fallen down somewhere on the side
The next ball was a small ball and I stepped out.
Had to walk butt
Once again, the bridge has been made here.
You don't have a run in the form of leg bye.
If the run is not scored as a leg bye then it is run out.
You won't have it either.
So you don't have runs as a life brother
is and you
Can't even get run out.
next ball next ball here
Captain of the team is here for Rooster
The captain here.
Good bowling again as it results in a leg bye.
You won't get any runs.
The side screen should come on the digital board.
Both captains of the first match of Group B.
I walked away again. outside off the bat and a
The catch was dropped. Fifth wicket possible
I was here. It was a very easy catch. very much
It was an easy catch.
What if the throw was good, then run out?
The wicket would have come, the throw should have been good
The throw should have been good, the score here
Six runs for the loss of four wickets
Overs here are two overs and one ball, that is, five balls.
The score is still only six runs remaining, so this
The match also looks like it's coming to an end.
going to happen
Cut has been made, the player is present there
Existing at all
One more run will be given
Hey brother
Rohit Bhai Rohit here in front
here on stage, on stage, on stage, here
Add that team, you have to add a player to the team.
Add the one who is practicing
Add them there, I have added a team.
Di, you also add it
Nine runs scored, three still to go
The remaining score is increasing slightly till the last
There are three balls, the last three balls
The batsman has no answer after coming well.
Om
here
And you need more
appear
by order of the included
You are the ocean, you are also a bird, I am a flying kite
Jogi Malang Samarth, you alone don't like this
Don't show any care, my country, I want your soul
I want only your heart, only tomorrow
Stay away friend, whatever you say, just let the bill be paid.
Open the gates baby let me in brother my yo
You should take your steps carefully
My love, my love, don't doubt him
Shakun
We will follow the son-in-law's path We will follow the son-in-law's path
My heart is jamai teri maika
You only need
10 runs will win this match in 18 balls.
It doesn't seem like this match will last more than one over.
He is about to leave.
Played it on the on side. The account will be opened
Of the team and the batsman.
The big shot missed the next ball. here
Dot ball.
You need nine runs.
It will become white. Now eight runs are needed. eight runs
You need it.
Another dot ball.
It is a full toss. Played extra covers
On the side. Extra Cover
In the middle of the long.
Three runs have been scored. Seven runs needed
To you.
Seven more runs needed.
It has hit my feet.
You will not get a run and run as leg
Even if it happens, you don't get runs here.
Because you played this shot
Train No. 1482
1482 is the vehicle number. Please check this out
This time in the parking lot. Ball drop in the air
This catch will be done. One more run will be added. ch
Need runs. All you need is a six in this match
To win.
Nave 11 Captains Nominate Team Here
Come to do it. Be ready to reach the ground
Your match is about to start.
Six runs needed.
HR 26 1482 HR 26 1482
Anyone please go to the parking lot
HR
1482 Will a four be hit? Will two runs be hit now?
Needed
Team Mafric 11 Mafric 11 please you a little
Come for the line up because it's here now
You need two runs, the next match is yours.
One One's captain is also ready, right in the center
arrived at
You need two runs, you get one run and you need
One run, one more run is needed to win this match.
for you
Is not above. One run still needed.
One run is needed.
And runs will be scored here too.
A four will be hit here and the match will be won here.
The team has qualified for the next round.
Both team captains please take wickets
May it reach.
One in One and Mafia 11 Captain Please Toss
Reached for.
Idli
Like a chef's suit
[ __ ] Mill
Money Super
[ __ ] Miller
Looking at the suits, come for both teams.
If the captains of both teams hear my voice
If you are there then
One in One
Mabix 11
Captain please come to the wicket for the toss.
Sunny ji, please send the batsman inside.
Sunny ji, please take the batsman inside.
The match has already started here.
Shot with good height, there is this player
to stop the shot
I've played with my hands a little bit here.
Got a lot of extra bounce in the air
Not much damage
Once again the bowlers are ready here.
taking the next ball
Pushed gently. Open an account
The batsman took his wicket here. Mr
Sunny is also the captain of the team.
Saran Bhai, please make it full screen. Saran Bhai
Please make it full screen.
The third ball is ready with the fourth ball. One Inn
One in 11 won the toss. took batting first
decision and here that decision proved to be correct.
The batsman has hit a six while on
on the side.
Your name is Dil Pehli Khan, your photo is being circulated
Bring it in your butt and become my mother
You are the bread of the child, O Khan, from your hands
your name turns
Photo
Beautiful shot, cut shot, ball here
Going out of the boundary line for four runs
For
The first over is over. If nine runs are scored then the first
Hit a four on the ball here. Full toss
Ball in front. No ball signaled
Of the umpire. Will get some more runs.
Another good ball here, dot ball
15 runs scored without any loss. Eight
The ball game is over.
One team wins the toss and plays Paji
The next ball is good and the line is beautiful.
He managed to get him for one run. rotate the strike
We will do it here. Will reach 16 runs. Three
Ben is still remaining in this over.
The height has been taken, the height has been taken and
Become the bread of my hair and bear yours
In
Darling, should I bring my black car?
I am the child of your house, darling, of the entire city
Both will bring it, so wait a little.
Darling, your friend will fill your heart with grief.
If he loves you then you will see
Yes friend, the whole world will bow at your feet.
Your heart is first mine, your photo is spinning
I will come and become my child, mother.
That you turn away the bread from your hands
Fifth ball of the second over
The bowler is ready for the new batsman.
Full end delivery and very beautiful delivery
An appeal was made but the umpire rejected it.
the appeal there in a complete manner
Has been rejected.
The bowler is ready once again.
And a full shot here towards the on side for a four.
Will give it.
The score will increase. The score will reach 20
Run. After the completion of two overs, now the third
The over will start. Power play here
is over. Now you have five players.
The chandelier can be placed outside the circle.
The full shot is definitely in the air. is in the air.
You will get one run.
You will get one run here.
Five players can keep the standing government out
Are. If I talk about it then mid wicket
Cow Corner
long on and a single
Five players outside, exactly four inside
To you. I went here in between. by one run
You don't have much chance. Absolutely
Rotate the strike with one run at the moment.
will do and now
The batsman at the strike end of the non-striker's side
But will be. 22 runs were scored for the loss of one wicket
But 2.2 overs completed.
full shot here
Good fielding there. very good
Fielding there. a little to the left side
If it had happened, you would hardly have been surprised. And
The batsman is not able to hit the ball. change the bat
I am there because my elevation
Not what was needed or where the shot could be taken.
Can
Bowler ready right arm over the wicket wide
It will be a little outside the leg stump.
Lost from here lost from here
No run will be awarded because the wicketkeeper
That's a throw from the end, the ball is dead.
Nice try on the full shot here. success
You will get it here. Trying to take two runs
It is here. Very beautiful fielding. Very
Beautiful wrap here. Definitely
Maximum two and minimum one run for your team
and a one-run contest
There is a small difference in this match in this tournament.
ball small ball here anam shot wide ki
from the direction
Seeing DC like, there is a river of wires in the entire village.
The price of this car has given two or four special buses with solid quality.
do lion son
that which is complete
not whole
The batsman got a chance on the first ball as well.
He almost tried something like this to get a run.
I got it, I did not get the valuation, so bye
I changed it there and played it here
The batsmen have played on the ball.
Taking the ball in and going straight to the stumps
will collide and wicket number two
2 wickets for 31 runs at the end of 3 overs
Current run rate slightly above 10 runs after
bowler once again
Here the number indicated appeal out
Another dot ball from the umpire in the fourth over.
31 runs for two wickets on the first ball
This over ended with a dot ball at a loss.
Beginning of
remodel
Here is the shot of the player chasing
Tough ball there, very tough ball
will go outside the boundary line and take four
Run
with fours
On the second ball of the fourth over
next ball
A short ball in the air will get you a wicket. four
I definitely felt like I was back here after that.
There are more balls than wickets, that is the dot ball.
You can stop from here also 40
But if we can stop it, we should try.
The score is 35 runs
Is the run counted as a leg bye? Absolutely
You don't get any runs as leg byes.
is present.
The overthrow was touched but the correct backup was present.
It felt like I would get 40 runs there.
Runs scored after four overs and let's talk more
Here 10 runs per over 10 runs 25 overs
Are being made. It's the last over. should try
It should be stopped below 50 here.
Because the next match will be yours.
It will be three overs
The team that wins the third match will go to which group
If there will be three overs then the match can be easily played.
One bounce nickel is in the air
will go here
Very good effort here, full effort
Number
What a fielding it was, he jumped and scored two runs.
For the team, I'm saying that
There is a battle for every run in this match.
It's a battle of runs here, you saved two runs.
That too if you get the first big shot then it will be big.
The batsman gets a little confidence
You have stopped me a little bit here.
It was a full toss and the inside edge hit here.
If you get startled, cut a lemon and cut a lemon.
You can do that.
It is called lemon cut because the side of the bat
The interior seems like you're playing somewhere else.
want. The ball goes somewhere else.
And that is area our final leg.
But runs are important no matter how they come.
Come from the middle of the bat or inside the bat
Or from the outside. You have the fear of those runs
The four runs you got for which you took the shot
had played
last
last four balls last four balls of this innings
Success for you here here here here
Because more than one run can be taken from this area.
You don't have a chance
Score 47, seven runs in three balls
Pooled No players available
Six runs will be added and the final score will be 53.
two bets are still left last two bets are left
This time it seemed to go a little faster
gave because what will you get a four
You will definitely find it there
But between the two players
It's been a big over, it's been a 17-run over.
This and still the last ball to come, 40 runs left
The fourth over was over and the score reached 57.
for the loss of three wickets
The last ball here
It's in the air whether I'll get a wicket on the last ball.
The player coming down and the player
Have you got a wicket or a four?
has been here
And here in the meantime two runs or three runs have been taken
four
The over started with a four and another four.
Ended up with K. The score reached 61.
You need 62
Within the next 30 balls.
Hi
62 runs needed in 30 balls. Both salutes
The batsman has reached the centre of the wicket.
There is a power play of two overs. Somewhere this
Power play will be very important.
WTW and KMO if this
Both teams are on the ground, so come here.
Please register yourself, Captain.
Come and register here
WTW KMO
Both KMO and WTW
Captain, come to me and dominate me.
Please give it.
Bhaiya it is KM.
Captain
names like
A little bit from the management team in management
I request you all to please hurry up
Do it. If you people are late then others will
What can we say to the team?
The score is 62 when the first ball is bowled.
And here was the first chance for a wicket in the air.
But the square remained completely in the air for a long time.
One more run will remain and I will get it.
Single to first base, one run
Lightly bowled towards mid-wicket
In
If you get one run, that's the start.
It has happened here with one run each and at least
A big shot is needed in at least one over. in one over
You need a big shot.
Beautiful bowling all the way here.
Fielded.
Fielded it completely there.
Run as side leg of the bat
The part is not known yet. umpire with bat
confirmed here that the leg part
It is here that due to
You get one more run and there are still four balls left.
Three runs were scored in it. At least you now
I need a shot
Because you should give runs above 12
For which you still gave away at least nine runs
Has happened.
Good ball here
Not as a leg bye. Absolutely
The umpire has allowed a miss there.
These runs.
KMD is probably coming soon, Captain Abhi
Is.
The bowler is ready to take the next ball.
There won't be more than one chance at the front
near you. There won't be more than one chance.
One more run will be added. Currently and number one
Score Score Without Losing. need next 24 b
You got 58 runs. You want this over to be big.
next bowler
Right arm over the wicket for the second over
Played in front, here one bounce
Now this
There has been a loss, it will be a dead ball here.
Reeds will be placed on top.
This ri will be inserted because on the spider camp
What happens is you see that Spider Camp
If it hits him too, he will be declared dead.
We give.
Sir, suddenly an accident happens like Spiderman.
It seems to be dead. She is dead.
Sir, this will be a dead ball.
You understand because there is nothing intentional here.
It has not happened.
The ball will also not be considered a boundary.
How to give a boundary when it is outside the boundary
has not gone
You can call it dead, nothing on it.
Spider Camp, which is considered one of our
There is a wire if B hits there and hits a six.
He is going and the wicket is falling.
The bean is declared dead here
It will apply because that thing is on the ground
She's inside and I don't know how she got there.
If a sudden accident happens then its
Then the ball will have to be declared dead.
He pushed it lightly towards third man.
There is a fielder in the direction. one more run
You will get it here.
Waiting for now, KMD
KMD players are waiting. As
He will come.
It will drop. The catch will be dropped here.
Two overs are over. Talk about the score
So nine runs have been scored here.
The full toss ball is definitely in the air here.
Batter. will go to the no man's side and
There was a misfielding here. will benefit
Once. There was a no ball there too. No ball too
The umpire gave the verdict. Now you will get it for free
Hit.
You will get a hit
Bowler ready once again
The ball will be wide here.
Score reached 13 runs out
White will be bowled again with back to back wide balls.
here
Happening in Bing
You need 48 runs in 18 balls.
18 balls
48 runs to
This time the catch looked like it was wide here.
The ball is getting a little bit
Yes no it was because it is a free hit
It seemed White would like to take it because the ball
The body also came and hit the bat and took a good catch.
Because there was a free hit there because of this
survived there
and a strong appeal has been made
At present the vehicles are moving one by one
Runs are increasing here and you need more
Big shots are needed to win matches.
Shot in the air, player in front, butt
I came and missed him. It seemed that perhaps the ball was missing
He did not come. Because of this he moved a little further
We fell behind and a chance was created here.
But. But that's
You also got a four there.
You will have to be a little careful.
And here begins the next over.
The captain comes out to bowl.
And here you have the pay bye as a leg bye.
If the run is not available then the dot ball counts.
will go and will not be a knuckle ball because from
It's down there
The fourth over has begun and 20 runs have been scored.
As yet
This time too, he was run out in the form of leg bye.
There will also be no run out if it is a leg bye.
Bat hit, bat hit, absolutely bat hit, umpire
MSR means run out here
It will go very easily, run out very easily
run out
Another dot ball
Another dot ball here
Back to back dot balls here in the fourth over.
And it looks like this match is over.
is staying here
Played a full shot here for a single.
40 runs from eight now this match is completely
From
A four has been hit here on a full toss ball.
At present only five bays are left. to score 33 runs
It is very difficult there.
Look, now there are five nines, four sixes and
There should be something different on free hit as well.
If there is a miracle, something will happen here.
Because 33 runs are needed in the next five balls.
Another run out will be found here.
Wicket, beautiful catch here, very
Beautiful catch today, little chance here
Easy to drive and easy to cross
It won't happen now, it will be the last ball
The last ball will be the victory for over number five.
29 runs needed for
Lagged stiletto
I felt my thoughts
It's been 10 years
No one compares to me
Any
Lies my horn
I have no fan base
Someone said
Boss
This
Like Shape
Suit
Mill
Super
Life Study
Having a Money Check
Networkully
Alpha Munda below new level also
Any
Get it turned on
Sir, please add your team, it is your match. Sir
Sir ji Sir ji Captain you are the Captain.
Send your KD to the Captain
KD
KD Captain
Toss the team has arrived.
Amber sir, please make the toss
Captain sir, you toss, Captain I
I will add the team. Isn't it?
Give it.
Umpire sir, I have sold the match. match
From Let's Go to Coming Up.
batsman ahead and in the field as many
There is a player, please quickly place a fielder.
We should start this match as soon as possible.
Found.
of the second match
Starting here with light hands
pushed
The team will open its account with one run.
here
Speaking of Kem, he won the toss and elected to bat.
The decision was taken and a single was taken on the first ball.
Dot ball here.
Three runs in three balls here.
So right now both the balls are being made
Sharp at the front because there is a lot of space to move
Used to be. It was a very good effort here.
Good try but well on the ball
I couldn't touch it. It went and applied on the wrists. Its
The moving ball moves outwards instead of inwards
I left here. You will get a four.
You will get a four on the front side.
will reach seven runs
There's a chance in the air, there's a wicket here.
It's definitely the bowler's wicket after the four.
This is what happens as a return wicket.
It was hit and then you needed a wicket.
You have achieved the fifth over
ball
to meet
Super
Of
to meet
From
Chocolate
And
One over is over here. seven runs
Made at the loss of one wicket and now the second
Preparations being made for the over.
Preparations are underway here for the second over.
Round the wicket left-handed batsman
bowler for
Cut to once again a lot in the air
One bounce will reach the best player.
We will close and in the meantime both will get a chance
This is the time given to the batsmen to complete a run.
Talking about the score with one run
The score will reach eight runs for the loss of one wicket.
But
And it is not here.
next ball here
It is on the legs because it is in the form of a leg boy
If you don't have one, try another
It will be a dot ball here in the second over.
It has already begun three
three times the remainder three times the remainder
It turned out absolutely great
done it
It is neither my fault nor mine
no one
There was definitely no love, there was no first one, I was afraid
Many remained
If I were left with you, people would have made the songs into books.
remained
So
take your heart
I suit my looks
One day I will die, my ok
Hello jeez
Hi Karu
Ishq Janaab
Sir, love sir
There are two last balls left in the power play.
Eight runs have been scored here.
Another fast ball
The keeper is looking for a very quick chance there.
that the batsman lightly marks his ground
Leave it and I will stump you like this. before that
He was also stumped very fast. last ball two
The over is of power play.
This over will be over with a dot ball.
End of number two score now is
at the loss of two wickets
The third over begins. on the wicket
Bowler for left-handed batsman
It's ready.
Bowler ready once again
Round the wicket it will be a wide ball. Wide
The ball will be here
Outside off stump.
dot ball dot ball here
Came back after going wide.
here again
The batsman who was also in the run thought that it was a no ball.
It may be but I moved it back there so for now it is 10
Runs scored on the third ball of the third over
The bowler is ready here
11b here
Dot ball here, it's a dot ball, 11 runs
of the third over
Trying to bowl a ball cut here and one more
dot ball
The over is over here. three score
Talking about it, 11 runs have been scored.
At the loss of two wickets.
And here
Still left as the fourth over begins
The hands are present in the middle of the batsman. Come
The wicket has come. I have arrived
Two
Like
No one is at fault either
no one
And a beautiful catch here.
Beautiful Cha
Another dot ball here, another dot ball here.
Good 12 runs off the last ball of the fourth over.
for the loss of five wickets
The fall of the sixth wicket here
Have become
The score is 12 runs. Fifth over begins
It is here. It would seem much easier to
Match. After this, three more matches were to be played.
Only three more matches will be played on the ground.
It was definitely a full toss because it was not a no ball.
Will happen. If it was too low then one more run will be given.
So here
Because the match after this will be of three overs.
Then whichever of the two teams wins. first match and
Whoever wins the second match will play the fourth match.
After this the last match was of three overs.
For now, one more run will be available here.
The ball will take the previous direction
In
It's going to run out here and it's going to be oh here.
There should have been four run outs and runs would have been scored.
I'll get some more runs here and there
It felt like there was a Lagaan team that was constantly
All players from all areas gathered at one place
Runs were scored, you will get some more scores
will reach 14 runs
Last four balls, score of this over still stands
14 runs
Well, there's probably some confusion right now. Run right now.
I don't have a big score on the score board
I am talking after looking at the board, yes absolutely.
The scoreboard is bigger now.
Some updates are currently underway on the score.
Over
So 12 runs for the loss of six wickets. Now
Some things are changing from here.
The score is updating a bit. Perhaps
The umpire is correcting the score there.
On the board. How will it update here?
It will be displayed to you exactly here
Pay. At present, when four overs are over